## A Certain Sinclair

### Appearance
A Certain Sinclair resembles a possible older version of Sinclair, with longer hair held up in a ponytail. He has a scar on his left cheek, and the Sign can be seen on his forehead, typically covered by his bangs. He wears a dull green, tattered trench coat with black stains on its bottom. Beneath this trench coat, he wears a black shirt, clasped overtop a dark turtlenecked shirt, covered by tattered cloth and armor. On his coat's left side, the insignia of the Abraxas Chariots can be seen. He carries a longsword and an aged version of his halberd from his times as a Sinner, both wrapped in tattered cloth. A small, black bird rests on his right shoulder.

### Story
**Before the summoning**

A Certain Sinclair mentions having been on the bus with the rest of the Sinners in his past.
At some point in his timeline, a second Smoke War broke out, being a war between ordinary humans against prosthetic users and Distortions. It's unclear whether this future corresponds to the same timeline as the current events in Limbus Company.

**Canto IX: The Unsevering**

During Sinclair's fight against Callisto and Albina, Sinclair awakened his Sign temporarily, summoning A Certain Sinclair in his place. The man, prompted by the hopelessness of the battle against Callisto and Albina, emerged with a massive cloud of murky smoke alongside himself, the gallery becoming coated in the substance, ruining it. During the battle, A Certain Sinclair acted as protection for Faust and Ishmael, battling the Nursefather and apprentice with ease. During this battle, he demolished Fascia, plummeting Albina into a despair only cured by Sinclair killing her, before turning his attention towards Callisto. The Maestro, in a place of despair, was shocked by A Certain Sinclair's abilities, accepting the statement of his gallery being "trashy" as the Nursefather is killed, A Certain Sinclair utilizing the lessons of the Night Drifter in his final attack. A Certain Sinclair, now free of any battle, turned to his former companions to share some words with them. Explaining the prospect of a second Smoke War, the disbandment of Limbus Company, and the ever-changing nature of the future, this Sinclair makes it known he may not even exist after this event. When he was hit with a feeling of longing, he realized he should probably leave, even if it meant he would return to his death in his time. Telling Faust not to "grieve everything at once", he bids the group farewell, returning Sinclair to his regular, present day, self.

### Trivia
The faction A Certain Sinclair belongs to, Abraxas Chariot, references the Gnostic deity Abraxas. Abraxas appears as a recurring symbol in Hermann Hesse's 1919 novel Demian: The Story of A Boyhood, described as "a god who was both God and Devil" which contains both the world of light and the world of darkness, and often portrayed with a rooster head and snake legs. In the novel, the symbol is often connected to Demian, with Sinclair being inspired by him to learn about Abraxas.
During the 9-43 node, when A Certain Sinclair appears, the track which plays during his presence utilizes Between Two Worlds' instrumental in its motif.
While having his training from Intervallo VI: Spring Cultivation and knowing that Alyssa would survive the battle with Callisto, A Certain Sinclair does not seem to recognize the exact circumstance in which he was summoned, which might imply his timeline diverges from right before Canto IX: The Unsevering.
Due to him reminiscing in his time in Limbus Company, it can be implied that the company was dissolved in his timeline. This future may build off the possibility of the House of Spiders destroying the company's future prospects because the LCB was not able to be deployed during their raid.