## Alan

### Appearance
Alan is a tall, pale-skinned man with gray hair, wearing polygonal, half-rimmed, glasses. He wears a primarily blue hazmat suit featuring two yellow stripes running down the left sleeve and from the left shoulder, with darker plates on his wrists and the front of his torso, the latter bearing what appears to be Wayfarer Company's logo. His helmet, too, is blue with a yellow stripe, with a black visor that entirely obscures his face and two tubes on its sides. His hands and feet are covered by thick, dark blue gloves and boots respectively, with the palms of his gloves having paler blue coloration.
Whenever he traverses areas that may act as dimensional accessways, he wears a large helmet, similar in color and design to the rest of his uniform. The front of the helmet features a dark visor.

### Personality
Alan is a stoic man with a generally amicable demeanor, though is prone to outbursts of physical violence when he is bothered. With a mindset similar to that of other workers of major organizations, he has an express disinterest in superfluous details, typically ignoring them outright. Despite these traits, he remains diligent in his role, quickly responding to orders while cooperating with the Sinners, and frequently voicing gratitude for the mutually beneficial work done while securing the doorways within the House of Spiders. He is incredibly experienced with his jobs, frequently suiting up with his helmet whenever he travels through the Corridor out of reflex. Because of these reflexes, he has managed to dependably survive in dangerous environments.

### Story
Following Operation Spider Pyre, Alan, along with other members of the aspirant Wing known as Wayfarer Company, were tasked with assisting Limbus Company in managing and restoring the remains of the Corridor as newfound headquarters.
The Sinners and Kira, guided by Hohenheim, first met Alan as he worked on securing the doorways within the Ring's Corridor. After brief introductions, Alan began questioning the group if they had any knowledge of where the doors go, scrutinizing Kira especially as she was likely to have the most knowledge. Disgruntled by the interrogative nature of the man, she told him to stop questioning her, only to be responded with a punch to the face. Alan, speaking down to the woman, reminded her that she was at the discretion and kindness of Limbus Company, and that the work could be done without her. Hohenheim requested the man not to physically attack her further, which Alan accepts. Despite his physical reprimanding, Kira assists him in identifying the doors, inevitably leading to the group entering an unknown door and ending up in the gallery of the Fauvist Maestro Émile Benoît. In face of the Maestro's immense might, Alan quickly secures the access door for the Sinners, allowing them to flee.
Progressing with the doorways, Alan assists the group in identifying each, frequently quickly responding to orders while Fauvist Students continually pester the fallen House of Spiders. While the group traversed the the Pinky's Corridor, Alan stayed behind, knowing the area featured no major accessways outside its rooftop. Following their freedom from Rufo's attempt to trap them within, Alan thanked the group for their assistance in securing each doorway, explaining the higher up's intentions to transform the House of Spiders territory into the headquarters for the two organizations, making use of it in face of possible conflict. Alluding to the possibility of a future War of the Wings, Alan chose to cut himself off from spreading any more hearsay, and departed from the group.

### Trivia
As Alan and Allen are both internally listed as 'Alan', the latter's sprite was accidentally replaced with Alan's during his appearance in Canto VIII: The Surrendered Witnessing. This was fixed in an April 16, 2026 Hotfix.