## Albina

### Appearance
Albina is a cold-looking woman made up of artistic white prosthetics. Her hair appears artificial, and is light gray in color with a smooth, straight cut done up in a high ponytail, resembling cables. Shapely lines run across each of her cheeks and several other places where human joints would lie. Her full-body prosthetic possesses gold highlights, and in other areas such as her thighs, neck, and chest, black machinery and wires are made visible, with both palms featuring a similar color. Her prosthetic body is humanoid, though is most unusual around the center, where the machinery is more akin to a human skeleton. Albina has heterochromia iridium, with her right eye being black and her left eye being white. Albina's prosthetic arms include a variety of medical equipment that can unfold from her forearms, including a massive pair of scissors, a hacksaw, various scalpels, a three-pronged claw, a pronged retractor, and a smaller pair of scissors.
Her iron maiden armor is white with large amounts of bright yellow and select golden highlights, as well as a faint iridescence. It takes the form of a heavy-looking full-body suit ending in a long dress, with spikes protruding from the lower half and a golden spiked headband. Chains hang down from either side of her headband, as well as from thick white bands clinging to her elbows. Her mask has sharp golden eyes painted on and two white spikes on each side. The armor is overall somewhat knightly in appearance.
She carries with her a greatsword named Fascia, featuring the same white and yellow palette as her outfit. It has a removable white panel on its side, that, when removed, reveals a dark, skeletal frame with an interior made up of viscera and ribs. Said viscera is brighter in the area the panel typically covers.

### Personality
Albina is generally calm and soft-spoken with an obsessive interest in the arts, common of her associated Syndicate. She appears very fond of her weapon, Fascia, lovingly conversing with it, "feeding" it with the flesh of others, and growing concerned when it seems it might get damaged. This fascination of her weapon goes so far that she becomes willing to break imposed rules in the event she can allow it further time to shine, even while others on her side attempt to rein her in.
Albina also has an overly honest manner of speaking and appears to struggle socially, with a desire to make friends that she can't seem to manifest. Like with her artwork and thoughts of friendship, Albina becomes highly fixated on whatever catches her interest, and can't seem to pick up on or adapt to the feelings of other people in a conversation. Additionally, although Albina appears to possess more talent than her master, she greatly looks up to Callisto and hopes to surpass him one day.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company***

At some point in time, Albina cut up her body and transformed it into her weapon "Fascia", replacing everything but her brain with a full-body prosthetic.[1] She also began studying Corporism art under Callisto.[2]

**Canto IX: The Unsevering**

Albina assisted the House of Spiders members in their raid on the Limbus Company HQ. As Dante, Ryōshū, Gregor, Meursault, and Yi Sang entered the LCE laboratory in search of the Golden Boughs Dante had sensed nearby, they ran into the Pinky Nursefather, Shiomi Yoru. Albina would step into battle against the Sinners alongside Ren, the Pinky apprentice, distracting them as Shiomi Yoru took the grafted Boughs with her. Partway through the battle, half of Albina's armor slipped off, and she began insisting on a chance to let her weapon feast on the Sinners. When she refused to back down after Ren insisted that they stick to their masters' plans, he would strike her with his own weapon. This confusion allowed Ryōshū to approach where the Boughs were, only to find that they'd already been taken. After Ren had another brief exchange with Ryōshū, he continued his squabble with Albina, giving the Sinners the chance to go after Shiomi Yoru and the Boughs.
Later during Limbus Company's retaliative raid against the House of Spiders, Albina was sent by Callisto to "greet" Sinclair, Faust, Ishmael, Alyssa and Hohenheim, who had reached the Corridor of the Ring inside Limbus Company's Backdoor portal. She approached them in a calm and disturbingly amiable manner, opening up about the challenges of learning Corporism and mentioning how she had to cut her own arm in the process. She also expressed her desire to get to know them better and to become "friends", though with the purpose of using them as ingredients for her art. Sinclair vehemently denied her request, and a battle struck up between the two factions.
As the confrontation progressed, Callisto eventually joined the battle alongside his apprentice. He would manage to overwhelm the members of Limbus Company, and despite some successful struggles from the LCB and LCD, Callisto and Albina eventually cornered their opponents entirely. Watching eagerly as Callisto prepared to take Hohenheim's life, Albina mentioned prospects of the future, unknowingly giving Sinclair the push to fully awaken to his Sign and manifest a future version of himself. This Sinclair destroyed Fascia, leaving Albina distraught, before Albina herself was also crushed into pieces shortly after.

### Trivia
Albina is possibly named after the eponymous goddess from Anglo-Norman belief, who is sometimes regarded as the "The White Goddess", possibly referenced through the pale-white design of the apprentice.
She is likewise associated with dawn, another notable trait of the goddess's mythos and visible in Albina's sun-shaped helm.
Albina's greatsword, Fascia, is likely named after the anatomical term. Within the body, Fascia is a fibrous connective tissue that wraps around and supports various internal structures such as muscles, skeletal structures, nerves, and organs.
Fascia's design references this, as the weapon appears to be made of flesh and bones that hold it together beneath the surface.