## Bari

### Appearance
Bari is a tall woman with pale skin and droopy light blue eyes. She has blue hair that she wears parted in the middle, with the front falling over her shoulders, while the back is kept short. She wears a long black jacket with a large zipper, black pants and shoes with blue detailing, and a bulky blue overcoat with large pockets, all in a style resembling modern techwear.
Bari carries two swords in a set, a long hwando with a ring hanging from the side of the sheath, and a smaller, seemingly more modern sword, with a small guard and a black and blue sheath. Additionally, in the reconstruction of Don Quixote's memories, Bari is seen carrying a blue and black metal backpack connected to a high-tech compound longbow, which she utilizes during their duel.
In her appearance in Library of Ruina,* she wears a long marine-colored overcoat, bearing a golden design reminiscent of the Qliphoth on the back. Notably, she appears to be only wielding her hwando in this scene.

### Personality
Bari the "Knight of the White Moon" is a very powerful woman with a confident and steadfast attitude. Once having set her mind to something, Bari shows great determination to see it through. With this comes a slight smugness, parading herself as someone with unquestionable understanding in places she shouldn't have any. However, Bari proves herself to be as intelligent and knowledgeable as she claims to be, and possesses fighting prowess to back up her threats. She had strutted into the life of First Kindred Bloodfiend Don Quixote with an assured smile and wild claims, unconcerned with the fact he was bothered by her visits, and ultimately tied with him in battle and gave him the "tomorrow" she promised. She is strict in her warnings and serious in conversations which require it, but possesses an overall fair and amicable demeanor. Because of this, even despite their differences, Bari would go on to form a strong bond with Don Quixote and Sancho. Her resolute and admirable beliefs in the integrity of Fixers would serve as an inspiration for both of them. Bari is also described as the "mediating force" between the two of them, as a fair and responsible figure with a calm attitude.
Within these relationships, Bari is shown to be exceptionally kind and patient. She would recite tales of Fixers as many times as Don Quixote asked, and assist Sancho in wiping her memory and finding an isolated place to live. Even after Sancho became a shell of her former self in the lighthouse, Bari would bring her books and write her thousands of letters over the course of 200 years. With the exception of her motivation for finding a particular River going unstated, Bari’s grand power and knowledge served other people first and foremost. She acted as a dutiful friend who stayed faithful to the values she taught others.

### Story
**Prior to *Limbus Company***

One day, Bari appeared in the midst of First Kindred Don Quixote's reign over a castle with his Family. She broke through his guard of other Bloodfiends and challenged him to a duel, stating that she was here to either convince him to take a side in the Bloodfiend war or to slay him, as he was at his most dangerous while choosing to do nothing. She claimed to understand the long, lonely lives of Bloodfiends and promised to give him a "tomorrow"— a dream.
The two would duel for three days straight, until Bari decided to put it on hold so that they might rest. Don Quixote was taken aback by her choice to retreat and give the enemy time to recover, which she stated was a "law of the Fixers". Bari continuously approached the castle and dueled with Don Quixote before leaving and returning again. At one point, the Bloodfiend asked her what a Fixer is, which she offered to teach him about. From then on, Bari visited repeatedly in order to share "hundreds of adventures and thousands of tales" with him, something he began to greatly look forward to, causing the two of them to form a peaceful relationship. Bari grew to know Sancho, too, as she always stood by her Father's side.
Don Quixote grew obsessed with Bari's stories, finding that they filled a void in his heart that his Family no longer could. It was with this that he would decide to tear down their castle and build La Manchaland, hoping to make peace with humans and bring joy and laughter to as many as possible. While Don Quixote was genuinely fond of Bari's part in his life, Sansón spoke ill of her role in changing the First Kindred's Family forever for the worse.
Eventually, La Manchaland turned to ruin, and Don Quixote forced Sancho to flee to safety with Bari. Sancho, tired and traumatized from the collapse of La Manchaland, chose to erase her memory and personality in order to start anew. Bari took her to the River of Lethe, then guided her to an abandoned lighthouse within the Ruins to spend the rest of her days. Bari would then deliver her books and write her personalized letters, unbeknownst to "Sancho", for the 200 years before Vergilius arrived to recruit her into the LCB.

### Trivia
Bari is named after Princess Bari, a goddess associated with funeral rites in Korean folklore. While the details of her myth differ between versions, in most of them the Princess is born to a king and queen in place of a son, and for this reason abandoned. After growing up, Bari begins a quest to find a cure for her parents' illness; for this reason, she seeks a medicinal water from the Western Heaven and flowers capable of resurrecting the dead.
The title of the Knight of the White Moon originates from Miguel de Cervantes's novel *The Ingenious Gentleman Don Quixote of La Mancha*. In the novel, the Knight is the second alias taken on by the Bachelor Sansón Carrasco, a friend of Don Quixote's, who had previously jousted with him under the alias of "The Knight of the Mirrors".