## Bumble

### Appearance
Bumble is an older man with light brown hair and brown eyes. He has a thin handlebar mustache and equally thin chin puff goatee. Bumble wears a white long-sleeve dress shirt covered by a dark brown dress suit with matching cravat, shoes, and gloves. He also wears a large red coat, a gold pocket watch, and a gold cane with a red handle.
In all of his artwork, Bumble is displayed with a blurring effect, showing that he moves much faster than most due to having more hours per day. It is also worth noting that his entire body and outfit is in color despite residing in T Corp., indicative of spending large amounts of money to regain colors as a status symbol.

### Personality
Due to his wealth and privilege as a factory owner, Bumble comes across as quite ignorant and out of touch with the world around him. He lives fifty-two hour days, down from the one hundred hour days he had when his business was at its most successful, and finds it frustrating to communicate with anyone who has significantly less time than he has. When talking to such people, Bumble must rely on a voice recorder in order for his words to be understandable to them, a process he finds very annoying. Bumble judges those with shorter days for being lazy and not making good use of their time like he has, describing himself as a hustler. He is an uncaring boss to the factory workers he employs, openly criticizing them for only making a 13% growth in their monthly output, and finding their slow speech due to the difference in their days lengths to be bothersome and not worth listening to. He also seems to be completely ignorant that people dislike him for these qualities.
With the extra time in the day he has, Bumble indulges in the finer parts of life, such as expensive clothing, having custom portraits made of him, and sleeping a full ten hours at night - ten hours being the length of a full day for the majority of his employees.

### Story
Bumble was the third victim of the Time Ripper, having had one hundred hours stolen from him by the Time Ripper while on his way to attend a meeting. During the investigation of the 'Case of Timekilling Time', Bumble was interviewed by Rodion, Ryōshū, Hong Lu, and their T Corp. affiliated assistant, as he was the only one of the victims who had returned to his normal flow of time at that point. While unable to remember even the appearance of the Time Ripper, Bumble was able to help the investigation team deduce that the Time Ripper was targeting specific people rather than attacking at random.
After the defeat of the Time Ripper, the Sinners met Bumble one more time, where he acknowledged them for catching the Distortion, and shows off his recently-completed portrait, which he hangs on the wall of his factory, illuminated by spotlights.