## Catherine

### Appearance
Catherine is portrayed as a woman of short stature with an average build and a fair complexion. She has wavy dark blonde hair that reaches her upper back, and chocolate brown eyes that often gaze sideways. Catherine is described as the "most beautiful person in the world" by Heathcliff, and her presence captivates the Edgar Family at first sight.
Her typical attire consists of a floor-length layered ballgown dress. The bottom layer is frilled and white, while the top layer is warm brown with gold trim and floral embroidery. The dress features a high collar adorned with a brown cravat connected to it, embellished with a shiny gold pendant. Catherine also wears a gold, rounded necklace that depicts the head of a spanner, possibly an award for her career as an inventor. Catherine is typically shown wearing dark gloves.
When seen during her childhood, Catherine had a similar hairstyle, and adorned her hair with white flowers. She wore a long, frilled white embroidered dress tied with a ribbon around the waist. Additionally, she donned a thin, yellow ribbon on the collar, adorned with a green pearl.

### Personality
As a child, Catherine was quite adventurous and outgoing, often being the one to suggest breaking the rules and sneaking out of Nelly's supervision while playing with Heathcliff. Catherine had a love of riddles, with which she enjoyed testing Heathcliff, and she had a passion for inventing things from a young age, dreaming of becoming a grand inventor one day.
While Nelly described her as someone who loved being at the center of everyone's attention, Catherine grew up quite sheltered, often feeling trapped in Wuthering Heights. Heathcliff remembers her pitying the sad fate of the birds whose feathers would be used for their pillows; Nelly similarly likens her to a naive, caged bird. Wuthering Heights often scared Catherine, as ever since she was a child, she was terrified of the dark of the manor and the ghost of her mother she saw wandering the halls. Despite this, her temperament remained lively: Heathcliff often notes her to be impatient and fiery, and describes her as a calamity.
In time, Catherine developed a colder, pragmatic way of thinking. Despite her feelings for Heathcliff, she believed that by marrying while still under her brother's control they would not have the means to live. She instead began considering marrying Linton Edgar for the advantages the union would bring, such as the financial means to help Heathcliff and live comfortably. After his departure and her interactions with the Mirror Worlds, despite having realized that Linton carried no true love for her, she still asked for his hand in order to carry on with her alternate self's plan to give up her life. This, together with the events tied to the creation of the laboratory, show her as willful and ruthless in realizing her goals, but also quite shortsighted, not having considered the possibility of Hermann having ulterior motives in facilitating the experiment.
Catherine also carried a vulnerable, emotional side to her, as shown by the rapid decline of her health after Heathcliff's departure, as she worried of what his fate might be without anyone to help him, and felt deeply hurt over his perceived indifference towards her. Catherine speaks of having felt all of Heathcliff's pain during their time together, and she was heartbroken and wrecked by guilt upon hearing her alternate self's claim that she had always been the cause of his misery. Catherine kept this side of her closely guarded, often hiding behind riddles and only admitting to the truth in her diary.
It is through the diary that Catherine communicates with the outside world during the events of Canto VI, using it to reach for Heathcliff as he falls into Distortion, and later upon Nelly's betrayal, making use of their shared memories to convey her love for him. Catherine explicitly confesses to Dante to having always been dishonest with her feelings for the people she cared for, never being brave enough to admit to them, and growing angry at those who misunderstood her; Canto VI's associated song furthers this theme by pointing at forwardness and sincerity as qualities of Heathcliff Catherine treasured, lacking them herself. Her struggle with being truthful continues all the way to the end, but eventually, inspired by Heathcliff's courage in admitting his love for her, finally manages to do the same, and she departs peacefully, as both of them feel their hearts have been reunited.

### Trivia
Catherine is based on both Catherine Earnshaw and Catherine Linton from Wuthering Heights* by Emily Brontë. Her character and relationship with Heathcliff mixes elements of both characters from the novel and their respective relationships with Heathcliff and Hareton Earnshaw.
The use of Catherine's diary as a narrative device is directly inspired by the novel. In *Wuthering Heights*, a tenant spends a night at Wuthering Heights in the late Catherine's room, where he finds and reads her diary. During the night, he is visited by her wailing ghost, a meeting which pushes him to ask the housekeeper Nelly Dean to tell him of the two manors' history and his landlord Heathcliff's past.
Catherine's interactions with the mirror she speaks to Every Catherine through is inspired by a section of the novel in which Catherine Earnshaw falls into delirium while pregnant with Edgar Linton's child. She stays in varying states of delirium until her death and during one of her most intense episodes she fails to recognize her own reflection in a mirror, concerning Nelly who has to cover the mirror to prevent Catherine from growing more distressed. This interaction happens just two months before Catherine's death, similar to how Catherine in *Limbus Company* begins to make plans to end her life shortly after meeting Every Catherine.
Catherine's convalescence and "rebirth" (and therefore her completely succumbing to the Mirror's influence) starting at beginning of Spring references her literary counterparts' fate: Catherine Earnshaw dies on the day of the Spring equinox, in giving birth to her daughter, Catherine Linton.
The final world Dante peers into, in which two figures stand in front of Catherine and Heathcliff's graves, explicitly references the last chapter of the novel, where Nelly Dean reveals that the shepherds of the moors have seen the ghosts of the two looking out of the windows of Wuthering Heights, or crossing the moors together.
Catherine shares a connection to the Wandering Mind Abnormality, with one of her Mirror World forms resembling it, and with the Mirror Dungeon fusion gift associated with Canto VI and Catherine, the Handheld Mirror, using an E.G.O Gift obtained from the Wandering Mind, Mirror Tactile Synaesthesia, as a component. The Wandering Mind is described as an empty, humanlike statue, within which a mind ends up wandering into; Catherine's fate after being sealed in her coffin, with her consciousness being removed and replaced by another's, seems to reflect this concept.
The Pequod Harpooneer Heathcliff's defeat wail voice line getting censored.
The association of Mirror Tactile Synaesthesia, based on a condition in which an individual experiences sensation in the same part of the body as another person, references Catherine and Heathcliff's connection and similarities, with their affirmations of having felt each other's miseries and their hearts having always been the same.
The event choice story that leads to obtaining the Mirror Tactile Synaesthesia E.G.O Gift, in which the chosen Sinner avoids countless of the Abnormality's encroaching arms to reach for a single hand, also appears to be reflected in the events of Canto VI, at the end of which Catherine comes to realize she should not have meddled with the endless possibilities of the Mirror Worlds, as the person she loves the most is the Heathcliff of her world, and Heathcliff decides to focus his efforts in saving the Catherine of his world.
N Corp. Kleinhammer Heathcliff's's Uptie story getting censored.
The title of the fourth Season, "Clear all Cathy," pays homage to a meme within the Korean community. It stems from the similarity in pronunciation between "*Clear All Cache*" and "*Clear All Cathy*" in Hangul, as both words are spelled identically. Despite its meme origins, the reference to "*Clear All Cache*" becomes a crucial plot point in the finale of Canto VI.
Following Canto VI, with Catherine's erasure from the universe, any mention of her from Heathcliff's Mirror World selves is censored with "⏹⏹⏹⏹⏹" and when her name is spoken aloud, it is replaced by static. As the Heathcliff of this world is shown to be able to say her name openly, this likely means this static effect only affects the LCB-PDA Dante uses to communicate with the Identities.
After the events of Canto VI, the only characters that appear to remember Catherine are Heathcliff, Dante, Demian, and Carmen through her narration during Identity Stories. The reasons behind Demian and Carmen's awareness of her remain unknown, although it appears to imply that the two exist outside the confines of the Mirror Worlds.