## Cesara

### Appearance
Cesara is a woman with dark hair cut into blunt bangs, symmetrical sidelocks, and a long back. She wears the standard P Corp. Archival Department uniform of a skin-tight suit with orange patterning all the way down, underneath a white lab coat featuring a P Corp. employee card on the left lapel.

### Personality
In most occasions, Cesara acts very professionally given her role within a Wing, going out of her way to hire the Sinners once Limbus Company reached out to her over the matter concerning La Manchaland. Despite her professional nature, she is still willing to obscure information from others to her own benefit, partly ordering the extermination of La Manchaland due to both being able to possibly be further promoted in P Corp.'s hierarchy, as well as for personal reasons currently left unknown.

### Story
Cesara first met the Sinners and Vergilius within the P Corp. WARP Train station, having been previously contacted repeatedly by Limbus Company higher-ups in hopes that she would enlist the Sinners alongside Fixers to participate in the eradication of La Manchaland, aiming to secure the Golden Bough believed to be located within. In exchange for the Bough, they would allow Cesara to achieve something she leaves ambiguous, as well as gaining prestige within her job. Due to the limited scope of her authority in the Wing, she is unable to solve the fallout of La Manchaland and the missing persons involved, leaving her to rely on Limbus Company to find the person- or thing- responsible for the amusement park and bring it to her. As she discussed the limited information with the Sinners, she made no hesitation in threatening to leak the information she has on Golden Boughs if they chose to work without her. By the end of their discussion, she hands off visas to the group, allowing them to make their way to the Backstreets of P Corp. without issue, before taking her leave.
Meeting again following the successful operation of eradicating La Manchaland, Cesara was given the remaining corpse of Don Quixote, fulfilling the contract established between her and the faction. While she explained her wish for the corpse as a method of repayment towards one of her closest family members becoming a victim to the amusement park, she showed little emotion through the whole process, ultimately telling the Sinners to celebrate their own success, in their own office. Faust made note of the possible use of the founder's corpse, though the intent behind Cesara's actions remain ambiguous.