## Dongbaek

### Appearance
Dongbaek is an exhausted-looking woman with a poor, slouched posture. She has sharp yellow eyes, although only the left is visible, as her right is wounded and covered with dark bandages. She has straight shoulder-length gray hair, nearing on white, with bangs falling messily over her forehead. Dongbaek wears a brown, tattered and dirty hoodie with long drawstrings of a lighter color. Over it she sports a lab coat, which is similarly dilapidated, and ends in frays above her ankles. She wears long jeans rolled up at the ends while her shoes are black sneakers with white accents and laces, both of which are also dirtied.
When fully utilizing the Lobotomy Corp E.G.O::Sunshower, she wears a dirty and tattered raincoat that reaches her legs, muddy boots, and is impaled with worn-down umbrellas.
When utilizing her own personal E.G.O, Spicebush, she wears a white hanbok and a grey po overcoat with brown leather sandals. On her head, arms, and back, yellow spicebush flowers and branches grow out. She wields a fan made of the same kind of flowers in her right hand and a branch-like spear in her left.
In Yi Sang's memory of their time in T Corp., Dongbaek is shown to have dark brown, chin-length hair with blunt bangs. She is shown with a straight posture, wearing dark pants and a brown aviator jacket.

### Personality
Before the dissolution of the League of Nine Littérateurs, Dongbaek was a confident and down to earth woman, contrasting her friends Yi Sang and Dongrang's more idealistic natures. After leaving her hometown, she found a sense of belonging in the League, treasuring her compatriots and their time together. Even when invited to come visit the Wing that sought to recruit Young-ji, she turned down that opportunity as to not leave the League behind. This same loyalty would turn into fury upon learning a member of the League had betrayed the others, a thought that would torment Dongbaek for years, leading her to harbor suspicion towards the surviving members.
After the League's dissolution, Dongbaek's motivations shifted: having lost many of her loved ones and being unable of trusting the survivors, she instead decided to focus her energy into changing the status quo of the City, by destroying the vile technology that she believed had been the catalyst for the League's destruction, shifting most of her hatred and feelings of betrayal towards targeting Dongrang for willingly contributing to this cycle. Dongbaek would keep on single-mindedly working for her vision, being willing to sacrifice many of her allies and all the commodities of the City in the hopes of one day reaching her final goal. This determination remained with her up until her very end: even when near-death, being approached by the Voice of the Distortion, she denied it, instead manifesting her own E.G.O.
After Dongrang's admittance to his betrayal, her worldview and E.G.O shattering, failing to destroy K Corp’s Singularity, and even her own death, Dongbaek's consciousness still clung to life, true to herself. In the fathoms of Yi Sang's ego, she would manifest for a final time to speak to Yi Sang, reminding him of the worth of his invention and reflecting on the power to make possibilities into reality, before passing on.

### Trivia
Dongbaek (동백) is the Korean word for camellia flower. Her name references the titular yellow camellia flowers of the short story, The Camellias* (동백꽃, *dongbaekkkot*), by Gim Yujeong (Korean: 김유정, Hanja: 金裕貞).
Gim Yujeong (Hangul: 김유정, Hanja: 金裕) was a member of *Guinhoe*, or "The Circle of Nine". Gim Yujeong was a close friend of Kim Hae-Gyeong, otherwise known by his pen name Yi Sang.
The most popular modern interpretation of Jumsoon as depicted in Cae Changbi 2nd grade 2015 textbook, which Dongbaek's past design was inspired by.
In "The Camellias", the yellow camellias are largely associated with the main female character Jumsoon and her attraction for the protagonist.
*The Camellias* begins with Jumsoon offering potatoes to the protagonist as one of her many ploys to get his attention. This is referenced by Yi Sang's strong attachment to the rotten, burnt potato he finds in Intervallo I: Hell's Chicken and seems to be a form of subtle foreshadowing for Dongbaek's character. This is further emphasized by the potato being brought up once again in Effloresced E.G.O::Spicebush Yi Sang's afternoon greeting line.
During a cutscene in Canto IV, Dongbaek quotes an abridged version of a line from *The Camellias*:
“That piquant and fragrant smell made me feel as though the ground was sinking**” (Korean: “알싸한, 그리고 향긋한 그 냄새에 나는 땅이 꺼지는 듯하였지”)
This line corresponds to a scene in which Jumsoon pushes the protagonist into the blossoms and the two “fall” with each other. In *Limbus Company*, the scene is visually referenced by Yi Sang literally falling to the floor under the Golden Bough’s tree branch—stabbed into him by the woman named after the camellia flower.
The camellia on the left, and the spicebush on the right.
As she was stabbed with the Golden Bough, Dongbaek's coughed up blood appeared to transform into red camellias. This is a reference to how her name, *dongbaek* (Hangul: 동백), is not only the Yeongdong colloquial term for the spicebush, but is also the Korean word for the camellia flower.
Dongbaek's E.G.O is called a "Dongbaek E.G.O" rather than an "Effloresced E.G.O" in the game. This is likely also due to the aforementioned homonymous nature of the word *dongbaek*, making her name read in Korean as "Dongbaek E.G.O::Dongbaek".
Dongbaek's E.G.O, Spicebush, takes the form of a men's everyday wear hanbok. The extensive use of white clothing among the commoners lead to Korea being referred as "dressed people of white". She wields a traditional korean fan (합죽선, *hapjukseon*) made of spicebush branches on her left hand, and moves in a way that resembles a pansori (판소리) singer.