## Dongrang

### Appearance
Dongrang is a tall, thin man with pale skin and dull green hair. He wears slim, rimless glasses over bright green eyes, and has a notable mole on his neck. Dongrang sports the typical K Corp. scientist uniform, which consists of a long white lab coat with green accents and the K Corp's signature logo on the right sleeve. He also wears a white collared shirt, black shoes, a green tie and a black blazer with green accents. Dongrang's uniform pants are the same set of colors as his blazer, with a diamond pattern on his right thigh, and near his ankles. He has two pens in his labcoat's pockets, and has his ID pinned to his chest on his left.
As a Distortion, he is known as Dongrang Who Denies All. Dongrang takes the form of a centaur-like creature, with his lower half resembling that of a cow. He appears covered in twisted green vines, similarly to the Peccatulum Gulae. His upper-half appears more humanoid, wearing a large, belled sleeved brown overcoat and dirtied hanbok. Dongrang Who Denies All also sports a weaved sedge hat (Korean- satgat or 삿갓) with two white horns piercing through it and covering his face. Dongrang Who Denies All wields a bloodied and disjointed plough-like weapon, covered in vines, leaves and cotton.
While manifesting his Farmwatch E.G.O, his appearance is similar to the upper half of his Distortion. He wears the same brown overcoat, hanbok robe and sedge hat, now alongside brown gloves, a small cowbell attached to a robe dangling from his neck, and black hwa boots. In this form, Dongrang's face is not visible, save for the two horns piercing the sedge hat. He also wields a weapon heavily inspired by a plough. The tool he uses may also be slightly influenced by a scythe, an agricultural hand tool for mowing grass or harvesting crops.

### Personality
At the beginning of Canto IV, he is portrayed as a benevolent and agreeable man, with him mentioning him leaving out flowers for fallen K Corp. researchers, while also appearing quite dismissive of Dante and the Sinners. However, as the chapter progresses, he is shown to be an emotionally numbed and borderline sadistic person, focused on outdoing his former peers in the League of Nine Littérateurs. In the story dungeon before manifesting his E.G.O, it is noted that he has lost the pity he felt for the test subjects who would generate audiovisual feed for K Corp.'s Singularity. He was envious of Yi Sang, outright coming to the conclusion that he should kill him to fulfill his longing to finally outshine the League, and to be recognized for his own accomplishments. Despite his sense of pity being impaired thanks to the League's parting, and thanks to witnessing the horrors at K. Corp, he wasn't always doing things for a reward; prior to all of the events of the League's disbanding, he had a softer and more gentle tone, caring for things that were merely injured or suffering.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company***

Before the start of the game, Dongrang grew up in the same hometown as Yi Sang and Dongbaek in S Corp. Dongrang was a kind man and had always been fond of animals since his youth, with Yi Sang and Dongbaek recalling him taking care of a yellow calf that had been abandoned by his mother. After moving to T Corp. to escape the political instability of S Corp., he eventually joined the League of Nine Littérateurs. Dongrang, who studied as a veterinary, wanted to use the technology they created to help the world, coming up with a special method to regrow chickens' wings after cutting them off, to produce more meat while preventing the animals from feeling pain.
Eventually, the League's ideas caught T Corp's attention. T Corp.'s Time Collectors were sent to Dongrang and slowly broke his will though interrogation, convincing him into selling out the League's location in exchange for a better position. Despite Dongrang hoping the other members would take advantage of this offer as well, this would lead to the destruction of the League, with its members deciding to burn most of their work in a Concept Incinerator. Afterwards, Dongrang took up a job at K Corp., developing his own copy of the Glass technology, and he rose through the ranks of the Corporation and eventually becoming the Branch Manager of K Corp. Department of Food Resource Development. The fact he'd only gotten so far thanks to Young-ji's invention would end up weighing heavily on Dongrang, who wished to escape the shadow of the League.

**Canto IV: The Unchanging**

When the LCB reaches Dongrang's department after stopping a rampaging Abnormality, Dongrang, accompanied by his assistant Samjo, welcomed the Sinners to a tour and agrees to hand the Golden Bough in K Corp's possession over to them. As the tour went on, the building is attacked by a terrorist organization called the Technology Liberation Alliance, who "use vile machines to get rid of their vile creators" and wish to create a peaceful world without any advanced technologies. One of their leaders, and an old friend of his, Dongbaek, leads the charge, wielding the K Corp.-owned Bough.
When Dongrang, Samjo, and the Sinners reached Dongbaek at the top floor of the building, Dongbaek revealed her plan to destroy the source of K Corp's healing ampules due to being too dangerous. This remark caused Samjo to give his life to prove their safety, only to die due to effects of healing ampules' source; a giant crying eyestalk called "The Tearful Thing" that weeps when witnessing cruelty. Dongrang laughs at Samjo's senseless sacrifice, before the Sinners defeated Dongbaek. After her defeat, Dongrang revealed that everything the TLA did to try and destroy K Corp's Singularity had only made the Tearful Thing cry more, and taunts Dongbaek's efforts, which nearly caused her to distort. Dongbaek instead manifested an E.G.O, and fought the Sinners again.
Upon her second defeat, Dongrang reveals that N Corp. was trying to build a new League of Nine Littérateurs, recruiting old members and killing those who refused, before stabbing Dongbaek with the Golden Bough. He justified his action by claiming he believes the old members of the League will sooner or later meet their deaths at the hand of Gubo. However, this caused the entire building to change with resonance, and the Bough becomes lost in the dungeon formed from Yi Sang's memories. Dongrang joined the Sinners in locating Dongbaek's true body by reenacting scenes from Yi Sang's past.
Upon reaching the scene that involved T Corp's raid on the League's hideout, Dongrang revealed to be the one who sold the others out, leading the real Dongbaek to curse him out. As he explained to Yi Sang later, this was due to the interrogation T Corp. did on him.
After reaching the bottom of the dungeon, Dongrang, whose guilt had resurfaced, began to distort over his actions, empty achievements, and his inability to leave the shadow of the League; his Distortion, "Who Denies All", attacked the Sinners in a frenzy. After his defeat, Dongrang recalled his wish to become a greater inventor than the other members of the League, as well as an interaction with Alfonso in which he stated his will to forget what he left behind, instead focusing on what he might gain from now on. This led Dongrang to reject "Ms. Carmen" and manifest his E.G.O, born from his callous desire to kill his past and yearning for achievements. At the final point of battle, he is pierced by Yi Sang's E.G.O. Dying, Dongrang admitted to having wanted to surpass the League, and states how ironic it is to die under its shadow.
After his death, Dongrang was blamed for the events that transpired that day by his superior Alfonso, who describes them as the consequences of Dongrang's attempt to unfairly gain power within the corporation.

### Trivia
Dongrang was the pen name of Yoo Chijin (*Hangul*: 유치진, *Hanja*: 柳致眞), a Korean playwright and founding member of "The Circle of Nine", which inspired the League of Nine Littérateurs.
At first, Yoo Chijin was a writer who expressed the reality of farmers suffering under landowners, but when he gained a good position, he became pro-Japanese and created works that propagandized Japan's war. After Korea's independence, he committed corruption under the protection of the military dictatorship. In the game, his actions are referenced through those of Dongrang, who was once a pure researcher but decided to sell his companions out to those in power.
Dongrang's E.G.O, Farmwatch is based on Yoo Chijin's stageplay, "The Cow" (*Hangul*: 소, *So*).
Farmwatch'**s name in Korean is *mareum* (마름), a historical term used for a supervisor of a tenant farm. Mareum were landlords that owned farmland but had tenant workers do all the work themselves, and thus were always portrayed as cruel, greedy villains in Korean media.
In "The Cow", main character Kuksŏ (국서), is a joyful man who heavily prides his life as a farmer, regarding his beloved calf, the titular cow or ox, as dearly — if not more — as his own sons. The elder and honest son, Malttongi (말똥이, ‘horsey poo'), desires to inherit his father’s farm and sell his cow to pay off his bride's family debt, whereas the younger brother, Kaettongi (개똥이, ‘doggy poo'), wishes to leave his hometown to achieve a fortune, and wants to sell the cow to pay the trip. In a series of shenanigans, the cow is the central point of conflict in the story, and is eventually seized by the landlord farmwatch of the family’s farm. The play ends with Malttongi setting the landlord’s grain storage ablaze before being taken into custody by village police, while the cow escapes from the landlord farmwatch’s clutches and charges at him — killing him before making its way back home.
**Dongrang, Who Denies All** bears a resemblance to Peccatulum Gulae.
This is similar to how Kromer the Dreamer of Human Wholeness bears resemblance to Peccatulum Luxuriae.
Despite this, 'Dongrang, Who Denies All' is internally given the Sloth Affinity rather than Gluttony.
Furthermore, the Observation Log for Farmwatch associates Dongrang with Gluttony, making the Sloth Affinity even stranger.