## Eunbongs Bar  Fryers Owner

### Eunbong's Bar & Fryers Owner
Undistorted
Distorted

### Appearance
Eunbong’s Bar & Fryers Owner is a burly, middle-aged man with dark hair clinging onto the slides of his head, a receding hairline revealing a gaunt and despair-filled face. Despite his paleness and visible cheekbones, he has a large physique, seen through his large arms. He wears a brown tank top beneath a bright orange apron, with two large pockets on either side. On his lower half, he wears puffy blue pants that feature a white grid pattern, and dark sandals on his feet. He is seen carrying a large ladle.
As Papa Bongy, his clothing remains largely the same, albeit now smeared in blue stains and several stitches along his apron, as well as a large sack of skinned chicken strapped onto his back- where he creates new Headchickens when needed. His head is transformed into a large cartoonish chicken head sporting a small red toque on the top. He has two knives stabbed into both sides of his face. His arms are split down the middle as well, splitting into large mouths with sharp teeth and tongues. Along with all of this, he has a feathery tail, and sports a carving fork along with his ladle.

### Personality
The owner of Eunbong's Bar & Fryers is, when not distorted, a kind man who loves his customers and wants to cook from the heart. He loves his mother and even named his restaurant after her, because in some way he was doing all of this for her. He is a very honest man and will not soften his words when being asked for critiques and will openly express his gratitude for those who have helped him. His Distortion was caused by a fragile sense of self that relied too much on how he defined himself with his one, good recipe rather than his broader love for cooking, but after the events of Intervallo I, he has rediscovered his passion and learned to prioritize things in a way that leaves him happier and more stable as a person.

### Story
Papa Bongy, the distorted form of the owner of Eunbong's Bar & Fryers, was causing havoc by having his Headchickens attack customers of Bodhisattva Chicken in the downtown area of Nest K. The owner of that restaurant had gotten Samjo to help convince the Sinners to get rid of this Distortion that is ruining his business and, with the promise of free food, they took the contract to do so. At first, they planned to simply kill him, but Heathcliff was taken over by a Headchicken and learns the cause for the Distortion: a missing recipe. After learning that, they decided to prepare a chicken meal so good that it breaks down the walls of his heart and allows them to reverse the Distortion.
The Sinners split into teams in order cook these meals for Papa Bongy while Heathcliff and Meursault catch him and sit him down to eat. Dante discovered that they are able to understand the clucks and other chicken sounds that Papa Bongy communicates with, and is thus able to translate his critiques of the food. The first meal to be served is Ryōshū's, which he describes as tasting like a funeral procession. Following this is Gregor, who does not fare much better, as Papa Bongy had to ask if it is literal trash. After the horrible first attempts, he revealed that they have only three shots left at this and the teams reevaluate their position. Don Quixote decided to take over Gregor's team and made a plate so awful in its appearance that Papa Bongy deducts a point without even trying it. With only two attempts remaining, the Sinners got serious and have Meursault and Outis take over as head chefs. While the plate Meursault made was delicious, Papa Bongy said it lacks professionalism as a cook and thus cannot give it a pass, while Outis' meal left him speechless with his love for it.
The plan to open up his heart has succeeded, and he is launched back into a memory of his mother scolding him before a door appears besides him. The Sinners entered and discover that it was a door to his memories of the past. Inside his memories, the Sinners learned that the owner of Bodhisattva Chicken had sent over a spy to learn Eunbong's Bar & Fryers secret recipe in a desperate move to steal his customers. The owner of Eunbong's was betrayed by this, but said that he would always remember the recipe so the other man stealing it accomplished nothing. That was when the Bodhisttva Chicken owner reveals that he was having it burned in a Concept Incinerator — a device that will remove all records and memories of it to have ever existed — and Eunbong's owner begins to forget his prized recipe. After that, he lost all of his customers to the competition and distorted.
Outis called the man out for being softhearted and having a weak will, and decides she will be the one to help fix his poor attitude. After having some sense knocked into him by the woman, he recalled more memories of his mother. He reveals that the reason he had dedicated his life to making delicious chicken was to create a recipe his mother, with her particular palate, could enjoy, but then admits that he knew the real reason that his mother didn't eat chicken wasn't out of preference but because she couldn't afford enough to feed both him and herself. He recalled the coupons she could collect to get free chickens, but then realizes that those coupons in his memories are actually pizza coupons. In reality, his mother had just preferred pizza over chicken, and the struggles he had thought she went through were just assumptions he had made.
With that newfound understanding of his mother, he returned to his regular, human form and thanked the Sinners for the help they have given him. He gave them a wrapped present, telling them it is an invaluable treasure as their reward and decided he will reopen his restaurant now that he has remembered what it means to cook from the heart. Inside the box is a Bongy plush, one taken by Charon.

### Trivia
Papa Bongy was originally given the classification code "O-01-11-28" and was granted the risk level of ZAYIN. With the release of Intervallo V: LCB Regular Check-up, the classification code has been changed to "IR-11-02" and a risk level of ZAYIN-03.