## Every Catherine

### Appearance
Every Catherine's appearance is identical to Catherine's, with a pale and spectral look to her. She appears completely gray with a mournful expression on her face, and her eyes appear pupil-less and perpetually tearful. She has pointed, clawed fingers, and longer hair that reaches to her waist. Her silhouette appears indefinite, with her hair and dress ending in ghostly shreds.

### Personality
Every Catherine is a variation of Catherine who has been thrown into utter despair by the knowledge of Mirror Worlds, overwhelmed by grief over her actions seemingly bringing nothing but tragedy to the one she loves, whose pain she feels as hers. She is frequently thrown into outbursts of wailing and crying, and manifests a profound hatred towards all other Catherines, whom she seeks to kill to remove the sources of unhappiness in Heathcliff's life. She is single-minded in her goal, refusing to hear out her alternate self's reasons and not stopping even when faced with her loved one from the Mirror World of the main story.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company***

Every Catherine was first encountered by Catherine through the Mirror given to her by Nelly. Having met the Catherine of the main story, Every Catherine supported her suicidal mindset by telling Catherine that in no Mirror World she and Heathcliff are able to find happiness, with Catherine instead always being the cause of Heathcliff's sorrow. Having successfully convinced her, she suggests Catherine invite her to her world to allow Every Catherine to kill her, to which Catherine agreed to. Every Catherine's presence, already strong thanks to the underground River beneath the manor, grew further at this point, with Catherine's diary entries beginning to use plural pronouns, suggesting Every Catherine had already burrowed deep into the original Catherine's identity. These actions led Catherine into her contract with Hermann, and the creation of the laboratory under Wuthering Heights.

**Canto VI: The Heartbreaking**

During the events of Canto VI, Every Catherine's presence was felt all through Wuthering Heights, being perceived by Heathcliff upon entering the manor, as well as by Dante, who describes it as a "stubborn, lingering gaze", while her Identity slowly began to connect with the world of the main story, growing stronger with each strike of lightning. This was later remarked upon by Heathcliff, who recognized that Wuthering Heights, taken over by Every Catherine, has been pushing him away since the moment he entered the manor, while the diary, which appears to be in control of Catherine, has continued to soothe him.
After the seventh strike, Every Catherine manifested physically by taking over Catherine's body, at which point she joins the fight against Limbus Company to defend Erlking Heathcliff. After the battle, Every Catherine was erased from the Mirror Worlds together with all other Catherines, fading away while reaching out for Erlking Heathcliff.

### Trivia
Every Catherine is based on the ghost of Catherine Earnshaw from *Wuthering Heights* by Emily Brontë. In the novel, Catherine's ghost haunts Heathcliff from the moment he disturbs her grave until his death. After Heathcliff's death, their ghosts are united and rumored to haunt the moors near Wuthering Heights.
The Knocking on the Window Profile Decoration, which is based on Every Catherine's battle background, references the recurring theme of windows in the novel. During her first appearance, Catherine's ghost manifests to a guest of Wuthering Heights by knocking on the window of her childhood bedroom. Further in the novel, when Nelly narrates of Catherine's illness, she recalls that Catherine believed to have seen Heathcliff through the window of her room in Thrushcross Grange, and kept speaking as though he was present, with the delirium marking Catherine's approaching death.
Every Catherine and Erlking Heathcliff both appear influenced by mythological figures from Irish folklore. Every Catherine bears resemblance to the Banshee, a female spirit believed to be a herald of death, who is typically depicted as a shrouded figure with long streaming hair, perpetually weeping. Banshees are associated with the practice of keening, a traditional form of lament for the dead, with their wailing being described as piercing enough to shatter glass. Banshees are also said to summon or accompany the death coach, another harbinger of death, led by a Dullahan.