## Ezra

### Appearance
Ezra is a tall woman with red eyes and long blonde hair pulled back into a ponytail, and adorned with a star-shaped pin. She wears a large gray jacket with orange trimmings, matching boots, and a black miniskirt over gray tights. Ezra always carries a dimensional bag with her, which contains all of her weapons and first-aid gear. Her coat and bag are covered in stickers, patches and pins, as Ezra is fond of decorating everything she owns.[2]
As a Distortion, Ezra appears with stag horns, and her body is covered in masks that each express different emotions.[3]
When Ezra manifests E.G.O with the help of a pendant created by YuRia, it appears as pieces of armor that cover her body wherever she gets hit.[4]

### Personality
Ezra is a bubbly, boisterous person that is enthusiastic about many of life's joys. She speaks casually with everyone she meets, leading to her struggling to keep secrets or keeping up an act when attempting to lay low. Her favorite things to do are snack on good food, especially sweets, and research and discuss the latest and greatest weaponry in the City. As seen when dealing with Distortions, Ezra has the tendency to act without thinking and can get herself into trouble, but this is counteracted by Moses always looking out for Ezra's safety. In return, Ezra is willing to protect Moses with her life and the two women rely on each other's abilities on every job they take.
Due their time in Udjat, during which Moses was Ezra's captain, Ezra learned to following Moses' commands and became fiercely loyal to her. She is deeply troubled by the fact Moses cares so little about her own life and has seen it as her duty to protect Moses ever since the woman saved her life during the Smoke War. When others disrespect Moses or upset her, Ezra's cheery facade drops and she turns cold as she demands, occasionally with the threat of violence, that Moses is treated with the respect she deserves.
In truth, much of what Ezra presents to others is not fully reflective of her true emotions. She adapts herself to behave in a way that others expect her to, whether that be putting on a mask of sadness or, most often, happiness. That said, not all of how she comes across is faked and she takes genuine joy in her hobbies and interests. Her time as an Udjat haunts her, and she finds that the best way to cope is to seek joy in life instead of taking everything seriously. Overall, Ezra lives by that philosophy and does her best to have fun and focus on the things she loves, even if she struggles at times to be unapologetically herself.

### Story
**Prior to The Distortion Detective***

Ezra was the 2,142nd agent of Udjat and was personally recommended for the team by Lady Dias. When she first joined, she was overconfident in her abilities and disrespectful of Captain Moses' authority, which led to Moses handily defeating her in combat to show that Ezra still had much to learn. Throughout her time in Udjat, Ezra came to doubt if what they were doing was the right thing. She questioned why they killed innocents and how they were kept in the dark by Dias, but still ultimately followed orders when it came time to participate in the Smoke War. During one of their battles in the war, a secret experiment by Dias led to a disastrous outcome where the entire Udjat was met with certain death. Ezra and her fellow Udjat agent Han Hee-joon were saved by Moses' desperate attempts to prevent even a single death that day, and from then on Ezra found herself indebted to Moses.
Ezra, Moses, and Han Hee-joon left Udjat after the tragedy of that battle and found work with the Seven Association. After the events of White Nights and Dark Days, Moses and Ezra opened Moses' Office in the Backstreets of District 14, with the Office being directly affiliated with the Seven Association. They accepted contracts related to Distortions, utilizing Moses' ability to see Distortion Phenomenon on people who had not yet distorted to solve cases that few others could.
Assisting Moses with her contracts, Ezra helped deal with various cases of the Distortion Phenomenon. They would eventually be attacked by a Syndicate hired by YuRia in an attempt to steal Moses' smoking pipe --her E.G.O, or Psychoment as YuRia calls it-- and study it. The two would track her down to her Atelier (YuRia's E.G.O), where the two discover that their fight with the Syndicate was recorded, breaking one of N Corp.'s Taboos. YuRia later joins them to study Psychoments.
Moses' Office is eventually contracted to deal with a Distortion in a building, before it being revealed to be multiple Distortions caused by a Monolith and an experiment made by Dias. In the building's basement, Ezra temporarily distorted before being brought back to normal thanks to Moses.
The Office was eventually turned into a target for Vespa, one of N Corp.'s Taboo Hunters, for colluding with a Taboo breaker (YuRia). Ezra fought against Vespa before he was trapped in YuRia's Atelier, manifesting Volatile E.G.O during the fight. The trio would eventually have to free Vespa from YuRia's Atelier in order to fend off against various Distortions from another of Dias' experiments in District 11, forming a truce.
The two met with Dias, who requested that they collected Distortions in District 12 during the Library's wake-- which they ultimately did. During this mission, they had to deal with Sweepers and trapped members of the Thumb, and a Fixer of the Zwei Association, before winding up in Hotel Larriere, a hotel ran by the Bloodfiend Elder of L Corp., Larriere, before the story ended.

***Limbus Company***


**Intervallo III: Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones**

Ezra made contact with Dante after the Sinners encountered the Distortion of Bamboo-hatted Kim and needed guidance from the LCD team on how to proceed. She instructed them on how to lock down the Monolith to prevent the Distortion from progressing into an Abnormality, which allowed Bamboo-hatted Kim to revert his Distortion. After that, she convinced the LCA to bring in Aeng-du along with Bamboo-hatted Kim so that the woman would not be left alone in the Backstreets.

**Canto VII: The Dream Ending**

Because the LCB's next mission was to infiltrate the Bloodfiend-ridden La Manchaland, Moses used her experiences with Bloodfiends to give the group a run down of the species in the form of a video call. Ezra tagged along with this call, mentioning a dislike of Camille among a couple of other things, before departing due to an interruption from Vespa.

**Canto IX: The Unsevering**

Ezra, Moses, and the recently recruited Aeng-du went to Limbus Company's headquarters to sit in on a presentation done by the LCE department regarding the Golden Boughs. Before the presentation could begin, the HQ was raided by members of each of the Five Fingers who belonged to the House of Spiders and the entire facility turned to chaos. The three women, as well as Hohenheim and Marton of the LCE department, managed to lock themselves in the LCE research team's broadcast sector where they were safe from the escaped Distortions and Abnormalities that were let loose by the Fingers. The Sinners of the LCB eventually found themselves at the room, but were assumed to be hostiles which caused Ezra to lie about bombs protecting the room. This confusion was soon cleared up, and the two groups united to discuss how to reclaim the facility from the invading Syndicate members and protect the Golden Boughs being stored there.
The plan they decided on was to split up into three groups, with the LCD handling the suppression of the Abnormalities, Distortions, and Peccatula roaming the halls so that reinforcements would be able to reach critical areas faster once they arrived. Things immediately did not go as planned, however, as before they were able to split up in their designated teams, walls dropped down separating the Sinners that forced them to join the other groups. Now with Outis, Rodion, Hong Lu, and Ishmael working with them, the LCD set off on their mission and soon ran into the Nursefather and Apprentice of the Middle.
The group ran from the two members of the Middle, but Kira chased after them and Matthias quickly caught up with them after finishing taking care of the LCA agents that had attacked him. Moses decided to let the Human Thunderbolt, who had been contained in the HQ, attack their foes for a distraction, and the Distortion reanimated the corpses of the LCA agents to swam the two while the group made their escape. Kira continued hunting them down, treating it like a game of hide and seek, and Moses came up with a plan to distract Kira by forcing her to fight the Abnormality Drenched Gossypium. This worked successfully, with Kira treating the battle like a video game boss fight, but fell apart when Matthias arrived to protect his daughter and suppressed the Abnormality.
Thinking quickly, Moses then decided to let Ambling Pearl fight with Matthias in the hopes that its paralyzing, corrosive attacks would stall him, but he defeated it in a single blow before it could do any significant damage. Moses used her violet breath to restrain him while Ezra and Aeng-du launched a team attack, but Matthias countered the attack with ease, and freed himself of the violet bindings using one of M Corp.'s Moonlight Stones. Although all of these clever tricks had winded Matthias, he was still more than capable of fighting and decided it was time to finish off the injured members of the LCD. Before his attack against Moses could land, however, Vespa, who had returned from finishing the paperwork to become a Color Fixer, arrived just in time to block it and fend Matthias off. Not long after, the House of Spiders received the order to retreat, and Matthias and Kira left, with all members of Ezra's group managing to survive.
Later, the surviving members of Limbus Company decided to launch a counter-raid on the House of Spiders in order to retrieve the Golden Boughs that had been stolen from them. Moses and the members of the LCD planned to participate in the counter-raid, excluding Aeng-du who was still recovering from her injuries during the raid.
The LCD, alongside Don Quixote, Hong Lu and Yi Sang entered the Middle's Corridor within the House. The group engaged in battle with Matthias and Kira. With her Dimensional Bag, Ezra utilized a multitude of workshop weapons during the battle, providing defensive and offensive support for the group. The battle ends with Matthias dead, and with Kira apprehended.

### Trivia
Ezra is allergic to flowers.