## Faust

### Appearance
Faust is a woman of average build with shoulder-length white hair and powder blue eyes. She has an incredibly pale complexion and a rosy tint to her cheeks.
She wears a beige turtleneck underneath a black leather vest with a large black leather coat resting on her shoulders, reaching her knees where the fabric is torn. She wears a black waist belt with her ID being on the left side. She wears black business pants accompanied by black shoes.
In battle, Faust wields a zweihänder with "WALPURGISNACHT" written on the blade near the hilt. While wielding it in one hand or holding it at rest, she has a tendancy to grasp it by the ricasso rather than the hilt. Furthermore, the parrying hooks of the sword are heavily enlarged, forming what is essentially a second crossguard.

### Personality
Faust is a talkative, albeit soft-spoken, Sinner with a condescending manner of speech and ineffably high confidence in her intelligence. Despite technically being Dante's subordinate, she often takes the role of their informant and overseer, as she is privy to considerably more information than her fellow Sinners. Because of this, she has a consistent and unwavering faith in her abilities, and does not show any signs of panic even in troublesome situations throughout the first six Cantos. While her expanse of knowledge always proves helpful for the LCB, her egotistical attitude can be excessive. At times, she is outright and unnecessarily contemptuous towards others' inability to keep up with her pace, most frequently Heathcliff, as she appears to lack understanding for those who do not meet "Faust"'s high standards of intelligence. This gives several of the other Sinners moments to criticize her harshness, though she remains steely and steadfast in her ideas, dismissing criticism of her attacks of others.
As one of the more inactive Sinners, Faust frequently prefers to stand back and watch events unfold, often lacking in information she's permitted to indulge, though displaying the fact of lacking knowledge as a place of false certainty. She is kept under the control of the Gesellschaft, a communication network with the Fausts of other Mirror Worlds, which dictates how and when she is allowed to share or access knowledge, among other things. Her inability to access the Gesellschaft connection during Murder on the WARP Express is the first show of vulnerability in Faust, who grows more timid and uncertain as a result. In the face of such hardship, Faust grows self conscious and remains intent on maintaining an indestructible image, even despite her coworkers appreciating the new, more agreeable side of her. Still, she would come to realize the difficulty and uncertainty of a life without Gesellschaft through this event, leaving her with some newfound empathy for those who lack the knowledge she carries.
The Intervallo also makes it clear that, by referring to herself in third-person, she is not always referring to herself, but perhaps another "Faust". As Dante finds, many of her statements come off as considerably less haughty with the knowledge that she is not necessarily referring to herself as an individual. Although she can be strict and dismissive with the other Sinners, this seems to be primarily a result of approaching matters with a strictly logical perspective, rather than any form of ill will, though she will occasionally utilize teaching moments as places to condescend the other party. Her competitive and dismissive relationship with Hohenheim, by comparison, makes it clear that Faust's usual attitude isn't a product of hostility, but rather a constant search towards the factual that butts heads with others doing similar. This also demonstrates that even she is prone to bouts of pettiness; Faust appears to possess many traits and interests that don't benefit the LCB's objectives, such as a love of engineering expanded beyond the creation and maintenance of Mephistopheles. Furthermore, as her relationship with the Gesellschaft is expanded on, there grows an implication that Faust's arrogance is at least in part a result of her trying to compensate for the bullying and degradation she faces for being considered a failure among her peers. The frequent condescension is tied to the innate intelligence of Faust and her Mirror World peers, acting as a defense of character rather than an ontological truth to be conveyed.
Faust has been moderately less secretive about her situation following the incident on the WARP Train, and more understanding of the Sinners' personal wishes and inquiries. Additionally, she appears to have grown more comfortable confiding in Dante about her situation. Although still a know-it-all, Faust now comes off as a bit awkward and self-conscious, painting a more human image of her. Rather than solely using her moments of fact as a place to speak down to the other Sinners, she will sometimes choose to utilize them for learning opportunities, for both herself and others.

### Background
Despite her role as a Sinner of the LCB, Faust has a unique position in Limbus Company that differs from the other Sinners. Faust personally recruited several members of the Limbus Company Bus Department and outranks even Dante when it comes to accessing information and files related to the company. When she recruited the members of the LCB she made deals with them, promising them that, by working with the company, they could have their most impossible wishes granted. After Yi Sang's abscondence from N Corp., Faust offered him the role of the first Sinner with the promise to help him recover his broken wings. At the end of Leviathan Faust appeared to recruit Vergilius as the guide of the LCB, telling him that in return they will bring Garnet and Lapis back to him. Like the other Sinners, Faust herself is known to have joined the company to have a wish realized and to have signed a contract forbidding her from talking about it.
Faust is tied to what she defines the Gesellschaft, a net of connections with other Fausts which allows her to access knowledge and receive information from other dimensions. The Gesellschaft is what Faust refers to when she speaks in third person. This gives her the potential to know all things, but her own, personal knowledge is not nearly as extensive as she presents it to be. Additionally, the Gesellschaft can deny Faust's requests for information, although this seems to be an infrequent occurrence. The Gesellschaft also seems to intentionally omit information, though no reason has ever been given as to why they do this.[4] Faust is certain that she has been improving and, as the journey continues, she will come to know and understand even more than she presently does. While the exact nature of the Gesellschaft's technology is unclear, its reach expands across the Mirror Worlds, and allows Faust to access information on dimensions that have previously been subject to cross-examination by other Fausts.
While it has not been confirmed this was the desire Faust wanted realized by joining Limbus Company, it is implied the goal of the Gesellschaft is to know all of the City.[5]

### Gesellschaft
**For more information, see Gesellschaft.
The Gesellschaft is the primary source for Faust's knowledge. It is a faction comprised of other Mirror World versions of Faust.

### Trivia
Faust's character icon depicts a glass flask containing a form that resembles a brain or a rose. It bears a notable resemblance to Children in the Flask.
Faust is represented by the 👻 emoji.[6]
Faust's particulars are listed as "insufferable" and "chronic lassitude"[7] while her associated color is #ffb1b4, Cerebral Pink.[8]
Faust is based on the protagonist of Goethe's tragic play, Faust*.
In *Faust*, Doctor Faust is a disillusioned but wise man, who strives to understand everything in the world, and is much beloved by God. The demon Mephistopheles makes a bet with God, that he will be able to lure Faust into temptation. Mephistopheles thus finds the doctor, who has been struggling with his research and pondering suicide, and offers him a contract, which Faust refuses. Instead Faust asks Mephistopheles to grant him a moment of true bliss, after which, he will die and happily serve the demon in the afterlife. Mephistopheles accepts this version of the contract, and begins his attempts to finally have Faust surrender to earthly delights.
Faust's creation, Mephistopheles, is named after the demon from the same play. Both share their role of leading Faust into hell (in *Limbus Company*, the inferno).
Faust's character icon appears to represent a Homunculus, a creature featured in one of the subplots of *Faust Part Two*. During the festival of Walpurgisnacht, the Homunculus created by Wagner, Faust's assistant, tries to become human. However, this fails, and the Homunculus dies as the flask shatters.
Faust's introduction quote comes from the prologue of *Faust, Part One*: in response to Mephistopheles voicing his wish to lead Doctor Faust into temptation, God replies that for as long as Faust walks the earth, it will be possible, for man errs as long as he strives.
Faust's weapon, Walpurgisnacht, shares its name with an event which occurs in Goethe's *Faust, Part One*.
Walpurgisnacht is the gathering of witches and spirits on April 30th, which Mephistopheles guides Faust to in order to complete his descent into immorality.
It also shares its name with Walpurgis Night, a major recurring event within the game.
Like all of the Sinners, Faust voiced a "Document Excerpt" Youtube short.
During HamHamPangPang's *Limbus Company* Pop-up theme, one of the available menu items was "Sinner Soul Food" which changed every week to be a different meal associated with one of the twelve playable Sinners. Faust's associated meal was Bratwurst.[9]
Faust's voicelines for Intervallo II, Canto V, and Canto VI were re-recorded following the 13th June 2024 update due to the vocal pitch being lower than intended.
The term Gesellschaft most likely originates from German sociologist Ferdinand Tönnies's word for large, complex societies with bonds built on impersonal, indirect, and contracted relationships, characterized by social control and a focus on accomplishing tasks.
This ties into Faust's work-oriented relationship with the Gesellschaft, which is abstract and lacks community, despite being composed of the same individual (across different Mirror Worlds).