## Gregor

### Appearance
Gregor is a man slightly below average height, with golden-brown eyes, dark brown hair tied back in a ponytail, and a 5 o'clock shadow. He wears half-rimmed black glasses. In most appearances, Gregor is shown with a cigarette in his mouth.
He wears the standard Limbus Company uniform, consisting of a white collared shirt, black vest, red tie, black pants, and an ID card, as well as a long coat, which he does not typically wear. His sleeves are both rolled up to his elbows, and a tattoo reading the word "UNGEZIEFER" is visible on his left forearm. His most notable feature is his right arm, a segmented limb that terminates in a massive, claw-like appendage.
Much like the protagonist of The Metamorphosis* which he is based on, Gregor's right arm is never attributed to a single particular insect. Instead, it combines the characteristics of multiple different insects, though Gregor is most frequently associated with cockroaches.

### Personality
Gregor is a friendly, easygoing Sinner with a casual manner of speaking. Compared to many of his coworkers, Gregor is considerably amicable, and tends to maintain a cursory attitude. He is not strict nor hostile to those around him, and Dante looks to Gregor as someone who would willingly uplift the group's mood in dour situations. He also possesses a "cutesy" side to his personality, usually poking through when he is embarrassed. Both Canto II and III see him acting out a bit and failing miserably, leading to him growing flustered and sheepish. This comes with a tendency to use tacky phrases, such as "bugger", "shoot", and "whoop". However, in all such cases that end with him humbled, Gregor proves himself to be a good sport. Ultimately, his time spent on the battlefield leads Gregor to value the casual day-to-day.
Gregor is characterized as one of the more ordinary members of the LCB, and tends to react to situations more than he engages with them. He's inclined to sit comfortably as one of the less talkative Sinners, chiming in for minor matters and letting the others take the wheel. As a result of his earlier years having been spent according to the whims of his mother, Gregor is easily pulled into things, regardless of his wishes.
Still, in situations that affect Gregor on a personal level, his demeanor changes. During these times, Gregor grows silent and distant, as if he is contemplating something. When faced with an unexpected reunion with his mother, Hermann, whose actions determined his entire future, he does not grow aggressive or angry, but rather silently downcast. He reacts to Yuri's death and adverse comments about his bio-prosthetic arm in the same manner. Gregor maintains a tendency to swallow his emotions and take ridicule mildly, rather than firing back or expressing frustration. For example, Gregor is often upset by the other Sinners making jokes at his expense about his verminous arm or general relation to bugs, yet never insists on apologies or changed behavior going forward, allowing them to continue mistreating him. Despite this, he gives them more attitude for it than he does to those mistreating him in more serious situations. Gregor has a tendency to react more outspokenly to things that bother him on a surface level, and go quiet concerning affairs that affect him deeply. Out of everything, Gregor is most willing to speak up about matters involving war, resulting in occasional skirmishes with Outis.
Additionally, in tune with his good-natured personality, Gregor is demonstrated to be a softhearted individual. He is consistently sympathetic to others' feelings and causes, usually expressed by means of agreeing or relating to them. And while he has a tendency to make quips like Ishmael or Dante, he comes off as far less judgemental in comparison.
Through humor and a mild nature, Gregor tries to live contently in the present, doing his best to put his years of war behind him.

### Augmentations and Transformations
UNGEZIEFER KAISER.
As the son of a director of the old G Corp., Gregor was surgically operated on by Hermann before he reached adulthood.[4][5] This was a successful surgery that gave him cockroach augmentations and bio-prosthetics, and, due to Hermann's skill, left him without the side effects that other augmented soldiers suffered from.[5] Although Gregor's right arm appears to be the only permanently visible result of the operation, he was also left with additional potential described as "gifts" to be "unwrapped".
The Roach Emperor, or Ungeziefer Kaiser, is one of several special metamorphosed forms that Gregor can undergo due to the augmentations he received. The form itself was one of the old G Corp.'s "decisive weapons" meant to be used in the Smoke War alongside the Maggot Prince, the Moth Princess, and the Lord of Flies.[6] Gregor never managed to utilize this extremely powerful form during the war however, having gotten "stuck mid-hatch" and failing to break out of his husk.[6] When Gregor is seen with it in Canto IX: The Unsevering, the transformation gives him the ability to summon and manipulate roaches, and appears to diminish his free will and cognitive functions by consuming his mind with simple thoughts of infesting, consuming, and suffering.[7]
According to Hermann, Gregor has yet to tap into the gift she looks forward to the most, as the Roach Emperor is but another "layer of wrappings" before the truly worthwhile form.[8]

### Trivia
Gregor's character icon represents an insectoid claw holding onto three dog tags, of which one has a bullethole in the center. These reference Gregor's traumas as seen in Canto I, that of his arm surgery and that of the Smoke War.
Gregor is represented by the 🪲 emoji.[9]
However, in non-official material it is quite common to find him represented by the 🪳 emoji.
Gregor's original promo poster design, with the full name "Gregor Samsa" written in the Metamorphosis quote in the bottom left corner.
Gregor's particulars are listed as "repulsive" and "spontaneously metamorphic",[10] while his associated color is #69350b, Verminous Brown.[11]
Gregor's character is based off the eponymous **Gregor Samsa** of Franz Kafka’s novella The Metamorphosis (*German*: *Die Verwandlung*). In *The Metamorphosis*, Gregor Samsa is a traveling salesman, who wakes up one day transformed into a giant insect. Throughout the novella, Gregor and his family struggle to adapt to his sudden transformation, with Gregor attempting to hang on to his humanity before accepting the reality of his fate.
Based on the initial version of his promotional poster, Gregor was possibly supposed to have the full name "Gregor Samsa" just like his book counterpart. However, due to changes later made to the design done to avoid potential copyright issues, it is unknown whether he still shares this last name as of the game's official release.
At the end of Canto I, Gregor mentions having had a younger sister, referencing his literary counterpart. In *The Metamorphosis*, Gregor's sister Grete attempts to take care of him during the early days following his transformation. As time goes on, Grete ends up being the first to get tired of the family's new situation, suggesting to her parents that they should get rid of Gregor.
Gregor's introduction quote is based on the famous first line of *The Metamorphosis*, which describes Gregor Samsa's sudden transformation.
Gregor's subtitle, "**UNGEZIEFER**" is the specific term Kafka uses to describe Gregor Samsa's appearance upon waking up in the opening sentence of the novella's original German text. The term is famously known for having a wide multitude of varying English translations; the English subtitles for Gregor's promo trailer translate the word as "hideous pest".
The associated book quote from his initial character teaser post on Twitter **("*מטמורפוזה ungeheueren Ungeziefer*")**[12] is partially written in Hebrew (despite the novella being originally written in German), likely as both a nod to Kafka's Czech Jewish family origins, and to distinguish him from Sinclair and Faust whose source materials *Demian* and *Faust* are also written in German.
Like all of the Sinners, Gregor voiced a "Document Excerpt" Youtube short.
During HamHamPangPang's *Limbus Company* Pop-up theme, one of the available menu items was "Sinner Soul Food" which changed every week to be a different meal associated with one of the twelve playable Sinners. Gregor's associated meal was Svíčková.[13]
Gregor's age at the start of the game appeared listed as 35 in the Dante's Notes UI, before it was censored.
Originally, Gregor's subtitle was supposed to be "**גרגור**" (grgvr), the Hebrew transcription of his given name.
Due to accusations of plagiarism made by Jack Jung on Twitter over Yi Sang's original promo poster design, the promo posters which had been uploaded at that point (belonging to Gregor, Rodion, Sinclair and Yi Sang) were deleted and edited to remove the quotes derived from their source books to avoid potential copyright issues.
Gregor's LCB sprite has a cockroach on his shoulder which is also present in all of his Identity art.
When Gregor and Ishmael switch bodies in A Midspring Night's Dream 2, the cockroach follows Gregor, and is present on Ishmael's sprite.
While Gregor himself is absent from the ending scene of Canto IX, the cockroach is seen on Hohenheim shedding a tear.