## Hindley

### Appearance
Hindley is a sturdily built man with a reddish face and dirty blond hair and a short, unkempt, stubbly beard. He wears a striped brown coat, dark trousers, and light blue vest over a white shirt, all appearing threadbare and dirty. Hindley also wears a black gloves, one of which is shown to be missing a finger, and he carries a black cane and a timepiece in his left coat pocket, as is customary for all T Corp. residents.
After his Distortion, Hindley takes the form of a large, bipedal wolf with matted yellow fur stained with blood. His clothing is still present on his body, now torn to shreds as a result of the transformation.

### Personality
Hindley is an impulsive and spiteful man, known to carry grudges. As a result of his father's preference for Heathcliff and neglect of him during childhood, Hindley adopted an attitude of superiority; even during adulthood, he enjoys flaunting his wealth and power over others, verbally degrading them and using physical violence with those he believes to be beneath him and whom he knows cannot defend themselves. On top of this, he remains unsatisfied with his position of social and financial privilege, instead always viewing himself as a victim of injustice.
Even after inheriting Wuthering Heights, Hindley struggled with a deep depression, falling into various addictions such as alcohol and gambling, leading him to become more violent towards Heathcliff, Catherine, and the Butlers of the manor, and further isolating himself. Hindley is also characterized by a refusal to take responsibility for these actions, still blaming Heathcliff for having stolen his father's love, and cursing Catherine for not having left anything in her will that would benefit him financially.
All the way up to his Distortion, Hindley frequently attempted to throw around his weight with those he could not match in power. Despite his role of hirer in relation to the Dead Rabbits Boss, he felt threatened immediately upon realizing the Syndicate leader looked down upon him in his moment of weakness, something which pushed him far enough to succumb to his inner urges.
Even though he always looked down upon and contributed to the abuse of Heathcliff, his victim did not view him with the same contempt, rather finding himself burdened by a feeling of pity even when faced with the pinnacle of his abuse personified.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company***

Hindley was present when Mr. Earnshaw arrived home carrying Heathcliff after finding him orphaned in the Backstreets. Hindley, having expected a violin he requested of his father, would grow immediately angry with Heathcliff, something that would snowball continuously over the years as Hindley pettily argued with and contributed to the abuse of Heathcliff. He came to view this moment as the crux for his life falling apart in his adulthood, remembering the violin as a reason for it all.
At some point, he was augmented with prosthetics that allowed for him to fight better, as well as being sent to a school to learn combat.
Later, he would inherit Wuthering Heights upon his father's death. However, during a gamble, the manor was put up for purchase due to Hindley's loss, being bought by Catherine immediately. This exponentially worsened Hindley's depression and debt, as well as add to his list of reasons to spite Heathcliff.

**Canto VI: The Heartbreaking**

Returning to Wuthering Heights for his sister's will reading, he hired the Dead Rabbits Syndicate as means of protection.
During the introduction to the will reading, while Heathcliff and the Sinners are present, Hindley began to argue with his former adopted sibling, attempting to regain his pride. Having enough, he sent the Dead Rabbits against the Sinners, before they're called off by the Dead Rabbits Boss returning. Being placated by those around him, he was soon readied for the reading of the will, hopefully awaiting his sister's gifts to him. When met with the realization all she left for him was a WARP Train ticket to a rehab facility in M Corp., he returned to his depressed and angry state, upset at the "betrayal" of his late sister, pushed further in the belief that she and Linton conspired to steal the manor away from him. With the first strike of lightning, the parties present were spread across the manor.
Hindley was found nearby the Sinners, with his life threatened by the Wuthering Heights Butlers. Dante quickly assumed Heathcliff planned to allow him to be killed by Josephine and her subordinates when met with a memory of the abuse of Heathcliff, though Heathcliff instead stood Hindley's ground for him, believing it as something Catherine would have wanted. Following Josephine's retreat, Hindley lambasted Heathcliff over not knowing Dead Rabbits Boss's name as Matt, something Heathcliff insisted against, knowing his real name as Matthew. From here, Hindley thanklessly departed in search of his hired subordinates.
Later, after the Sinners defeat the "Öufi Association" members in the basement of the manor, Hindley arrived with Matthew and a slew of Dead Rabbits, before being pushed by the Syndicate boss to fight the Sinners with support from the augmentations he received in his younger years. After a failed battle against the Sinners, Hindley began to panic, terrified over the prospect of having failed at the apex of his redemption--his last attempt to save face and return to the life he loved, one without the ruination he now faces. Breaking down over the state of the manor and seeing it as a place of rot, he was delivered a final push by Matthew in way of being told to "beware the obsidian grass", mocking his utter failure when betting the manor in a card game. Agreeing with Carmen's voice over his wants being no more than a violin, ruined by Heathcliff's presence, he inevitably Distorted, attacking the Sinners while confronted with memories of antagonism and his beliefs of deceit. At the finale of the fight, he was killed, causing Matthew to reveal his true identity while graciously viewing the death of the his loathed client as a positive.

### Trivia
Hindley is based on Hindley Earnshaw from Emily Brontë's novel *Wuthering Heights*, sharing his literary counterpart's personality and deep hatred for Heathcliff, tracing back to Mr. Earnshaw's preference of him over both his children.
The scene of Heathcliff being taken into Wuthering Heights directly references the same scene in the novel, in which Hindley is enraged to find the violin his father had bought him was broken by Heathcliff during the trip back to the estate.
The dynamic between Hindley and the boss of the Dead Rabbits, "Matt", references that of the literary Hindley and Heathcliff in adulthood. After his return, Heathcliff offers Hindley payment to lodge in Wuthering Heights, and the two begin an uneasy cohabitation, during which Heathcliff takes advantage of the latter's love for alcohol and gambling, particularly card games, leading to Hindley falling into bankruptcy and eventually selling Wuthering Heights to Heathcliff himself.