## Hong Lu

### Appearance
Hong Lu is of average height and build, with a pale complexion and raven black hair. His hair is very long, and tied into a high ponytail with a cyan hair tie, which he wears in most of his Identities. Notably, he has heterochromia: his right eye is black, and his left eye is a bright cyan.
His typical outfit consists of an LCB uniform consisting of black pants, a white long-sleeved dress shirt with a red tie, under a black, low-cut vest tucked into a belt. Additionally, Hong Lu wears a long black coat that reaches just above his ankles. This coat has his Sinner number on his left, and a metal pin inscribed with his name on the right.
Hong Lu carries a long guandao called "太虛幻境" (pinyin: tài xū huàn jìng; lit. 'Illusory Land of Great Void'), which he wields with his right hand.
When seen during his childhood, Hong Lu had a similar hairstyle, and he typically donned a white hanfu with light blue and gold decorations, beneath a white beizi. When seen during his adulthood in Daguanyuan, Hong Lu sported a similar look, consisting of a cream-colored hanfu with teal decorations, and a matching beizi.

### Personality
Hong Lu is an exceptionally curious person with a rather ditzy demeanor and friendly attitude. He exhibits a potent, almost childlike indiscriminate curiosity and wonder, to the point of baffling the people around him. While this implies having lived a sheltered lifestyle up until his employment with Limbus Company, a closer inspection into Hong Lu's life will reveal that he grew up in a difficult family full of danger, betrayal, and lofty expectations. Hong Lu speaks casually of attempted murder and abuse against him in a similar way to how he approaches the hardships of the City, almost as if it has nothing to do with him. He has a tendency to give off the impression that he doesn't have particularly strong feelings about anything, regardless of the severity of the topic. While sometimes jarring, this trait primarily serves to make Hong Lu come off as amusingly easygoing and absentminded.
Hong Lu also appears to lack inherent social tact, leading to excessively oblivious statements and questions when something inevitably catches his eye. While this does earn him some disapproval, he does not grow angry or depressed when others give him a difficult time. Hong Lu will either playfully disregard words of scorn, or is altogether too oblivious to be hurt by them, at least outwardly. Although some matters may lead to him growing more obedient or solemn, Hong Lu will consistently let anything and everything slide right off of his back without complaint or meaningful retort. This lends to the impression that Hong Lu is denying himself the chance to experience his true feelings, which is later shown to be the case. Nonetheless, he maintains an exceptionally cheerful, carefree attitude throughout Limbus Company's first year together. He is additionally very amiable and shown to be open to striking up neighborly conversation with everyone he comes across.
Despite this, Hong Lu is neither loud nor particularly talkative. Rather, he comes off of as reservedly observant. Canto IV: The Unchanging is the first story chapter to give insight into Hong Lu's unique perceptiveness and emotional intelligence. He takes the role of Young-ji in the League of Nine play, who Yi Sang describes as the most gentle and heartfelt of the League in their heyday, and contributes tender observations pertaining to Yi Sang's mental state and growth throughout his Dungeon. Here, Hong Lu demonstrates striking maturity and self-control in contrast to his usual attitude.
Canto VI: The Heartbreaking through Intervallo V: Nocturnal Sweeping build on this more empathetic, delicate side of his character. While his ditzy self remains, Hong Lu also demonstrates that he is a highly gentle, insightful, and understanding individual at heart. In tandem with his emotional maturity, however, grow Hong Lu's own signs of distress, and he reveals a passively suicidal mindset alongside a perceived lack of free will. These traits, revealed to have formed with the traumatizing fall of the Kong family, are pushed to an extreme when his old connections comment on his learned helplessness as his wider family takes advantage of his unwillingness to be true to himself. Yet with Jia Qiu's guidance, Hong Lu's adventure culminates in him denying the family elders who had long stripped him of his autonomy, as the "gem of the Jia family" relishes in the emotions he'd always forced himself to swallow.
Following the confrontation with his grandmother, Hong Lu is more emotionally reflective than ever. While his years of abuse cannot be undone, he shows a quiet determination to avoid holding his tongue and preach the kindness he believes in. Having made new bonds, mended old ones, and accepted the loss of others, Hong Lu grounds himself to the present with its variety of opportunities for happiness, wrath, sorrow, and joy.

### Trivia
Hong Lu's character icon represents a jade-colored eye surrounded by clouds.
Hong Lu is represented by the 🔮 emoji,[5] with the crystal referring to the jade in place of his eye.
Hong Lu's particulars are listed as "bachelor" and "sheltered",[6] while his associated color is #5bffde, Naïve Cyan.[7]
Hong Lu is based on the protagonist of *Dream of the Red Chamber*, Jia Baoyu ("贾宝玉"), a youth who is born with a magical piece of jade in his mouth, reincarnating as a human being to fulfill his previous life's wish to learn about humanity.
Similarly to Hong Lu, Jia Baoyu is a sheltered young noble, scion of the aristocratic Jia clan, whose story explores his often tumultuous relationships with the other members of the household, such as his arranged marriage with his cousin Xue Baochai, his bond with his maidservant Xiren, and his disagreements with his father Jia Zheng, who is disappointed in Baoyu's disinterest in Confucian studies.
Hong Lu's name, 鸿璐[8] (pinyin: hóng lù), is derived from both the name of the main character of Dream of the Red Chamber and the title of his source material, "红楼梦" (pinyin: *hóng lóu mèng*). The meaning of the name ("precious jade") remains unchanged, but the pronunciation of his name becomes very similar to the pronunciation of "Red Chamber" (紅樓, pinyin: *hóng lóu*). Despite this, on his splash art his name is still written as "红楼" (*hóng lóu*).
The first character of his name is shared with Hongyuan Bioengineering Group (Mandarin: 鸿园生命工程集团, pinyin: *hóng yuán shēngmìng gōngchéng jítuán*), District 8's Wing.
Hong Lu's introduction quote comes from the frame story of *Dream of the Red Chamber*, in which a sentient stone converses with a Buddhist monk and a Taoist immortal, expressing its desire to be taken with them to experience the mortal world. The two masters attempt to cull its enthusiasm and convey the various problems of human life, by replying that “美中不足，好事多魔” ("beauty has its flaws, good things have their demons"). The theme of the jade's life being devoted to exploring the width of human experience but in turn witnessing great pain is reprised by Hong Lu's story in *Limbus Company*.
Like all of the Sinners, Hong Lu voiced a "Document Excerpt" Youtube short.
During HamHamPangPang's *Limbus Company* Pop-up theme, one of the available menu items was "Sinner Soul Food" which changed every week to be a different meal associated with one of the twelve playable Sinners. Hong Lu's associated meal was Chilli Japchae & Hua Juan.[9]
Hong Lu wears a metal name tag as opposed to the ID badge that the the majority of the other Sinners use, a trait he shares with Don Quixote and Outis. This is due to the name "Hong Lu" being a new name he chose upon joining the Company.
Hong Lu can be inferred to be in his late 20s or early 30s, as he is known to be slightly older than Lin Daiyu, who mentions being nearly thirty years old.[10]