## Ishmael

### Appearance
Ishmael is a woman of average build with a fair complexion and wavy, fluffy and voluminous knee-length orange hair, and she wears a thick headband woven out of rope with white ribbons on either end, a memento of Queequeg and a recurring feature in nearly all of her Identities. She has hazel-colored eyes, at times appearing yellowish or orange, with sharp eyelashes and thin eyebrows, and a number of freckles across her nose and cheeks. Outis describes her hands as "coarse and rough".
Ishmael wears the standard Limbus Company uniform, although her coat that is torn at the waist, cutting off the last two letters of her name. Her employee ID is pinned to the coat's right breast.
Her weapon of choice is a flanged black mace made of numerous, vertical white stripes arranged radially, and she carries a circular shield with three bands across the face, branded with the word "HEARSE".
During her time as a sailor, Ishmael had chin-length hair and her uniform consisted of a gray sweater, thick overalls and black gloves. She also wielded a large harpoon.

### Personality
Ishmael is first introduced as a calm, level-headed Sinner with an expectation for sound and reasonable judgement. She considers herself to be one of the more sensible members of the team, and is often one to sigh or scoff at the foolishness of those around her. This tendency for being critical extends to her superiors, as Ishmael is the type to prioritize rationality above formalities. Generally, Ishmael does well to back up her somewhat haughty attitude with competence, making a consistent effort to stay informed on the current mission and the right course of action. She is also portrayed as an overall intelligent individual with a staunch, reliable nature. Regardless of her aptitude, however, Ishmael's quips tend to lean into antagonism, sparking arguments with those who rise to her provocations.
While Ishmael is something of a doubtful and antisocial person, she's also shown to be willing to build on her relationships. Canto IV sees her taking a harsh blow for Dante, despite previous complaints about them and their managerial prowess. Additionally, Ishmael will sometimes bring up her Whaling experiences as a way to try to relate to others, as with Faust in Intervallo IV: Murder on the WARP Express, although typically, her sociable side comes through in the form of banter, such as cheeky competitiveness, teasing, and bragging.
Despite her values, Ishmael can be considerably impulsive herself. Her emphasis on efficiency and adaptability leads to compulsive behavior when forced into situations she deems unreasonable. Intervallo II: S.E.A. sees Ishmael fall into neurosis as she is made to return to the waters which cost the lives of her former crew, resulting in her ceaselessly dedicating herself to preparations and snapping at anyone who attempts to undermine her anxiety. This culminates in Canto V as Ishmael's greater propensity for frenzy comes to light, and she is shown capable of excessive anger, violence, instability, and obsession in the face of her greatest evil. These feelings go hand-in-hand with doubt and depression as Ishmael loses sight of who she is, instead beginning to behave in a way similar to her former Captain. Her desire to kill the woman she resents ultimately concludes with Ishmael realizing that detaching herself from this obsession is the only way for her to rediscover a feeling of freedom and control over her life.
Post-Canto, Ishmael enjoys a strong sense of independence from the trauma that used to bind her. She expresses that she still has the ability to grow sharp and hot-headed, but by her own inclination, rather than being dragged along by an all-consuming fervor. Similarly, her motivation for questioning her coworkers shifts as she looks for reason to trust them. Still, she maintains a moderately standoffish attitude, being an unchanging core of her personality. Nonetheless, Ishmael's earnest relationship with Queequeg also speaks to a more caring, sensitive side of her when around the right people.
With Limbus Company, Ishmael proudly remains set on her own sail even as she follows her manager's lead, maintaining the core of who she is as she finds autonomy and balance in a difficult world.

### Trivia
Ishmael's character icon represents a compass surrounded by a hank of rope tied at the ends with two white ribbons, referencing Ishmael's goal of finding a new life for herself, and Queequeg's memento Ishmael always keeps on her person, in the form of her headband.
Ishmael is represented by the ⛪ emoji.[4] The church references a famous chapter of *Moby-Dick*, in which Ishmael and Queequeg, before boarding on the Pequod, visit the Whaleman's Chapel church of New Bedford. There, they attend a sermon on Jonah, a prophet who was swallowed by a whale, but whose faith did not falter, until God decided to save him; the story of Jonah foreshadows the events of the novel.
Ishmael's particulars are listed as "suffers from an obsessive-compulsive neurosis",[5] while her associated color is #ff9500, Isolate Orange.[6]
Ishmael is named after the eponymous character from Herman Melville's novel *Moby-Dick*. Ishmael was a member of Captain Ahab's crew on his whaling ship *Pequod* and serves as the story's first-person perspective narrator.
The title emblazoned on her shield, "HEARSE", references an event in *Moby-Dick* during which Fedallah, Ahab's harpooneer, speaks a series of prophecies regarding Ahab's fate: that Ahab will not have a hearse nor a coffin; that before his death, Ahab would see two hearses, one not made by mortal hands and the other made of American wood; that only hemp will kill Ahab. The prophecies all turn out to be true, as after Fedallah's death his corpse ends up lashed to Moby-Dick's back, thus making the whale himself the first hearse, and the Pequod ends up destroyed by the whale's attack, making the ship the second hearse. Ahab then throws a final harpoon towards the whale, but as the line gets tangled, the hemp rope loops around his neck, and drags him into the sea, where the captain meets his death.
Ishmael's base E.G.O, Snagharpoon, further reinforces this connection, as it takes the form of a harpoon tied to Ishmael's via a rope of hemp, which Ishmael uses to defeat Ahab by destroying her purpose, killing the Pallid Whale during the final fight of Canto V.
HEARSE might also reference Queequeg's coffin, an important prop both in Ishmael's backstory and in the book. In *Moby-Dick*, Queequeg suddenly falls very ill in the middle of the crew's voyage, and requests that a special wooden coffin be built for him to be sent out to sea in. Though Queequeg makes a miraculous recovery, the coffin is kept, and later ends up being fashioned into a replacement lifebuoy, which allows Ishmael to survive the destruction of the Pequod.
Ishmael's introduction quote is the famous opening line of *Moby-Dick*. As Ishmael's character fades in the background as the story goes on, often seemingly disappearing and becoming a presence external to the narration while the most important events of the novel focus on Ahab, the line is relevant in establishing Ishmael as the central narrator. The concept of Ishmael struggling to assert his identity over Ahab's is reprised by their counterparts in *Limbus Company*.
Like the other Sinners, Ishmael has voiced a "Document Excerpt" Youtube short.
During HamHamPangPang's *Limbus Company* Pop-up theme, one of the available menu items was "Sinner Soul Food" which changed every week to be a different meal associated with one of the twelve playable Sinners. Ishmael's associated meal was Hot Dogs.[7]
Before it got fixed, Ishmael's coat used to read No. 7, despite her being Sinner No. 8. As both Seven and Eight Association are based on English language numbers, this may imply her Sinner number used to be 07 in early development.