## Jia Mu

### Appearance
Jia Mu is an older woman of short stature, with pale, grayish skin and golden eyes. She has long white hair tied up with a golden ornament which reaches down nearly to her ankles. She wears a white and gold hanfu with golden decorations of plants and clouds. The hanfu is tied with a black and gold sash. She wears a pair of qiào tóu lǚ[1], colored dark gold with a three-leaved plant decoration. In the Tiekan Temple, she reveals the Xianhuang Anamnaworm embedded in the back of her neck, a small creature with the face of the ancient hierarch of Hongyuan.
After consuming the completed Heixian Bolus, her body rapidly mutates, generating multiple different animal parts. Her entire body grows massively, with her limbs outstretched far longer than her typical form. The animals that her body morphs into correlate to each of the Heishou Pack Branches.
Further deformed in her Distorted form, Jia Mu becomes quadrupedal and animalistic, her neck stretched further beyond what is normal. Her mutations tear her clothes, and she has a shrine-like palanquin, composed of dark wood, emerging from her back. Whilst pierced by the Golden Bough, the limbs of the bough stretch through her entire body and pierce the palanquin. Inside the palanquin, the Xianhuang Anamnaworm rests, peeking out from the window of the grotesque vehicle.

### Personality
In her many years of living, Jia Mu has accrued a wealth of knowledge, displaying it in her wise and venerated way of living. She displays a particular interest in Hong Lu experiencing as much as possible in his life, having led to him leaving Daguanyuan in the first place. Despite this air of veneration, Jia Mu is as scheming, cutthroat woman; while she appears to keep Hongyuan's best interest in mind, she prioritizes her own goals and personal vendettas, as well as those of the Xianren, the family elders, which she views as the true will of Hongyuan. Jia Mu manifests a great cruelty, taking pleasure in the brutality and deaths she caused during the massacre of the Kong family, and ensuring Jia Baoyu witness it all for the Xianren's entertainment.
In the throes of her madness, exacerbated by the Heixian Bolus, Jia Mu becomes desperately frantic, attempting to honor the venerated Xianren while in a haze of delusions. She speaks of herself by her past name, Shi Miyin, referring to herself as a 'little girl'.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company***

Jia Mu would inherit the role of H Corp. Chief Executive Director sometime in the past, which she would use to cause a great rise in the power of the Jia Family, establishing an age of incredible scientific prowess. Utilizing sciences developed by the Kong family, Jia Mu worked closely alongside Kong Youjin and Sihui. Under the guise of creating a Bolus that would be used to create a new, powerful, thirteenth branch of the Heishou Packs, Jia Mu was given the family's unrestricted support for her efforts. In reality, there was no plans to create a Bolus for the supposed thirteenth branch of the Heishou Pack and she instead created a Bolus which would propagate a species of monsters from the Outskirts, the Niaojia-ren, and gave it to Sihui, tricking her into thinking that the Bolus will strengthen her unborn child. The emergence of an unrestricted external creature would violate a Taboo established by the Head, who Jia Mu knew would come and destroy the Kong family, while allowing her to cover up the event as a scene of hubris. Throughout the entire process of deceiving the Kong family, Jia Mu insisted that Jia Baoyu accompany her, acting as a witness to all that happened.
Jia Mu had young Jia Baoyu witness grim sights he never wished to watch, such as the condemnation of prisoners and the unethical experiments performed on them. This would culminate on the day of the Kong family's presentation of Jia Mu's supposed new Heishou Pack Bolus, where Jia Baoyu was forced to witness the massacre of the whole family. Once a Niaojia-ren bursted out from the pregnant Kong Sihui's womb, most of the family were annihilated by the rapidly reproducing beasts, and the Head cleaned up the rest alongside the non-humans. The visiting Arbiter went face-to-face with the two and only congratulated Jia Mu for her ingenuity for using the Head to eradicate a potential rival faction. Her plan had been a massive success, leaving almost none of the Kong family remaining.
Later, Jia Mu sent Hong Lu to witness as much of life across the City as he can, only to return once he has done so.

**Canto VIII: The Surrendered Witnessing**

During Hong Lu's return to the estate, she briefly met with him. Accompanying his parents, she would stress the importance of him witnessing all that he could and that he should leave as soon as possible. However, Hong Lu, acting on the behalf of the wills of Limbus Company, refused to follow through with her request, where he then participates within the Family Hierarch Evaluations instead. In round one of the evaluations, she, Jia Zheng, and Jia Yuanchun acted as the judges, the three of them determining the authenticity of the many forms of immortality each participant had brought. Reminding Jia Yuanchun to be patient during Hong Lu's demonstration of his respective form of immortality, she passed her grandson onto the next round of the evaluations.
Within the second round of the Family Hierarch Evaluations, her machinations were revealed to the Sinners and Lin Daiyu due to the resonance of the nearby Golden Bough.
Following Xichun's successful acquisition of Hierarch status, she traveled to the Tiekan Temple to meet with the Xianren and claim the role of hierarch, which Jia Mu attended. As Hong Lu arrived to find a panicked Jia Xichun and the disfigured elders welcoming him back, Jia Mu presented the Xianhuang Anamnaworm used to inherit the past hierarchs when they relinquish their roles. She likewise presented a gift to Hong Lu: the Golden Bough. Despite the offer, Hong Lu rejects, not wishing for Jia Xichun to fall victim to the same gruesome fate as the Xianren, causing Jia Mu to become angered at his insubordination. Piercing herself with the Golden Bough and ingesting the forbidden Bolus, she battled the Sinners in anger over her control of Hong Lu slipping through her fingers, even Distorting partway through the fight. At the summit of the battle, Hong Lu experiences a massive growth to his E.G.O, allowing him to summon a torrent of flooding water that would smash against the elders, the water knocking the Golden Bough from Jia Mu's shoulder. In a fit of rage, she shouted hate at Hong Lu, who simply chose to leave the chamber. As the doors close, the Tiekan Temple is left isolated with the water severing a proper connection to the rest of Hongyuan, trapping Jia Mu alongside the elders inside.
While they were left alive, the group would be trapped in the area without any food, supplies, or entertainment. Due to their modified forms of pseudo-immortality, they would likely die at a slower rate than others, though they would one day die nonetheless.

### Trivia
Jia Mu is based on the character Grandmother Jia (賈母，Pinyin: *Jiǎ Mǔ*), from Cao Xueqin's novel *Dream of the Red Chamber*.
In *Dream of the Red Chamber*, Jia Mu is the eldest of the Jia family and a respected authority figure to the family that enjoys spending time with her grandchildren. She is the mother of Jia Zheng and paternal grandmother of Jia Baoyu, and played a large part in helping Baoyu grow close to Lin Daiyu. This is in heavy contrast to the in-game Jia Mu, who is depicted as a brutal and cunning Wing Manager who played a part in Hong Lu distancing himself from Lin Baoyu.
Jia Mu literally translates to "Mother Jia". In *Limbus Company*, while Jia Mu is referred to with this title throughout the story, her real name is later revealed to be Shi Miyin, having supposedly married into the Jia family much like her literary basis.
In Lord of Hongyuan Hong Lu's Identity Story, Hong Lu refers to Jia Mu as "Shi Taijun". The term Taijun (太君, Pinyin: *tàijūn*) is a title of address for the mother of an official, and could be loosely translatable as "Lady Shi" or "Dowager Shi".
Jia Mu is stated to have a fondness for collecting unique creatures and specimen for a personal collection.[2]
Among all of Hongyuan, Jia Mu is the most educated on the creation of Boluses.
The announcement during the presentation of Jia Mu's thirteenth Heishou Bolus wishes the Kong Family to enjoy their glory in the interminable Avīci Naraka. This refers to the lowest level of Hell in Buddhism and Hinduism. In Hinduism, Avīci is one of the hells in the kingdom of the god of death Yama, which hosts the dead who committed grave misdeeds such as insincerity when extending charity to others; this directly relates to Jia Mu's dynamic with the Kong family, which had extended her their support during her ascension to the seat of Hierarch.
The line is similarly reprised in the Observation Log for Muddled Heishou of the Corpse Palanquin [混覺轀輬黑獸], where Hong Lu directs it towards Jia Mu and the Xianren.

### Notes
↑ Qiào tóu lǚ are a type of formal Chinese footwear with an upturned toe, meant to prevent the hem of a hanfu from dragging against the ground.
↑ Intervallo 4.5-4