## Jia Xichun

### Appearance
Jia Xichun is a young woman of short stature, with long black hair and bright pink eyes. She wears a black cheongsam with gold detailing and long red sleeves, and a slit across the left side. The cheongsam is decorated with a belt of red rope tied with a ribbon. Her hair is worn in an ox horn hairstyle, and tied in four braids that reach down to her knees. Her bangs are combed over her forehead, with two strands, dyed white, framing her face. Xichun also sports bright red nail polish.
After her ascension as Hierarch, Xichun wears a red doupeng with black fur lining the neck and the bottom of the coat, which she wears on top of her usual cheongsam. She now wears her hair in five buns at the crown of her head, and in two low pigtails at either side of her face. Her hair is decorated with a golden comb and a red ribbon over the buns, and a small golden pendant that rests above her forhead.
As a child, Xichun had much shorter hair, with blunt bangs resting in the middle of her forehead and two buns on the back of her head. She wears an outfit similarly composed to her later self, though the cheongsam is much baggier.

### Personality
Jia Xichun is a resolute and ambitious woman, although typically underestimated by her siblings due to her young age and inexperience. She often appears harsh, manifesting a no-nonsense attitude and a short temper, especially towards her older brother, Hong Lu.
During her childhood, Xichun was incredibly close to Hong Lu, who often remarks on her warm and kind heart compared to the rest of their family. Xichun cared deeply for her brother, and suffered greatly upon his decision to detach himself from her following the Kong Family massacre. The two's relationship would completely fall out on the day Hong Lu told Xichun he wouldn't have minded if she decided to kill him to get ahead in life; Xichun felt disappointed and betrayed by this comment, as she'd believed her brother to be different from the rest of their family, and she was offended that he would assume her to be alright with hurting him. This caused her to become much more dismissive and curt of him when meeting him again following their separation.
Growing up, Xichun was a lonely child, and wished to be able to go to school and interact with people her age. As a result, Xichun hated the sight of Daguanyuan, its large buildings a constant reminder of her isolation and the distance between her and her family, although she eventually grew used to it. All the way to the LCB's first encounter with her, Xichun lacks major allies, often commenting on her distaste for her other siblings' behaviors, and never being shown interacting with her parents, who instead appear quite apprehensive over Hong Lu.
After the rest of her clan was decimated following the events of Canto VII, Xichun is never seen in the company of anyone but her personal servant, Wei, who loyally watches over her, and whom Xichun trusts completely. Wei himself remained by Xichun's side after her decision to relinquish the leashes of the rest of the Wu Branch in order to free Wei from his servitude to the Packs, demonstrating her kind nature and dedication to her friends and allies.
For many years, Xichun has struggled to live earnestly, and following the Family Hierarch Evaluation, she doubts and worries about her ability to rule Hongyuan justly, wishing to be a good Hierarch for its people the way she is, without being influenced by someone else and without the weight of her family's history. By the end, she is happy to have received Hong Lu's trust and support, and she endeavors to do her best in her new mission.

### Trivia
Jia Xichun is based on Jia Xichun (Mandarin: 贾惜春, Pinyin: Jiǎ Xīchūn*) from Cao Xueqin's novel *Dream of the Red Chamber*.
While the Jia Xichun of *Limbus Company* is the younger sister of Hong Lu, who is based on the character of Jia Baoyu, the literary Jia Xichun is Jia Baoyu's third cousin. Xichun is depicted as a young teen or pre-teen for much of the events of the novel, similarly to how *Limbus Company’s* Jia Xichun is presented as on the younger side.