## Kira

### Appearance
Kira is a short woman with a disarming smile. She has bright purple eyes and voluminous white hair that frame her face, and she wears a ribbon over the middle of her bangs. Kira wears purple sweatpants, stark white sneakers, and a white winter jacket, with the hood pulled over her head, and with her Book of Vengeance hanging from one of her pockets. Kira carries a curved sword in a white scabbard, strapped by her back with large golden chains, along with a shorter curved sword and a cleaver, and her forearms are covered by large sections of the same chains wrapped around them. Under her chains, she wears the Middle-styled augmentation tattoos.[3]

### Personality
Kira has an upbeat and outgoing personality with a willingness to befriend anyone she meets. As is typical of members of the Middle, she enjoys combat, is stubborn in her beliefs, and carries herself without much seriousness. She holds a lot of admiration for those she considers "badass", lending to a love of Fixers, comics, and television; a result of efforts to bond over a shared interest with her otherwise unreachable father. Kira also has a distinctly youthful manner of speech that leans into slang and blunt word choices.
Having spent her recent life getting whatever she wanted from her father in the confines of the House of Spiders, Kira appears somewhat lonely and naive. This lends to an overly amicable and sincere style of interaction, to the point of her chatting up the members of the LCB and LCD during the House of Spiders' attack on their headquarters. However, as is shown through her failed attempts to involve the other Apprentices in her hobbies, Kira's struggle to read the room often ends up pushing others away. Additionally, because of how much her hobbies have defined her personality and upbringing, Kira is prone to viewing the real world through the lens of a story. She relies on this false perception of the world in order to excuse her own unjust behaviors, dismissing justice-seekers as playing a character and believing that those kinds of values aren't realistic outside of the screen. Matthias' childish way of caring for her contributed greatly to these flaws and left Kira without a proper role model.
Following her father's death, Kira retreats into herself somewhat, becoming slightly less outspoken and passionate. Here she demonstrates that unlike true members of the Middle, she isn't one to hold grudges for long. Intervallo VII sees her open up to Limbus Company after only a couple of positive interactions, and Kira is quickly willing to accept Matthias' death under the truth that he was just weaker than his opponents. Additionally, she is kind to the LCB when they treat her with fairness, and manages to express sympathy for Ryōshū in her own way. Kira demonstrates that she always wants to get along with others deep down, and her strong adaptability helps her make strides toward that even after the destruction of the House of Spiders.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company**

At some point after Ryōshū was introduced to the House of Spiders, Matthias took in Kira as a second daughter.[2] Growing up, Kira's relationship with her "papa" was built on a shared love of entertainment and little else,[4] with Kira forming these habits on purpose in order to understand Matthias' interests and have something to bond with him over.[5] Matthias indulged her greatly during their time together, letting her spend as much time eating junk food and lazing off as she wanted, treating her more like a buddy than his daughter.[6] Kira has spent her time lonely, disconnected from the people around her, and clinging to her hobbies as a means of coping with the alienation.[4] Although she had the ability to leave the House of Spiders and spend time with other members of the Middle, they were always highly unreceptive to Kira, not feeling obligated to accept someone who was only an unofficial member and daughter of the dishonored Matthias.[3] Additionally, while Kira had peaceful relations with the other Apprentices, they were not particularly close.

**Canto IX: The Unsevering**

After Hong Lu, Ishmael, Outis, Rodya, and the three members of the LCD had reached the observation room of the Limbus Company HQ and restored the camera feed, the group observed as Matthias, the Nursefather of the Middle, rampaged through the LCA team that had been sent to secure the area. Kira quietly snuck into the room during this time, and nonchalantly joined their conversation as the group marveled at Matthias' incredible strength. When the others were taken aback by her presence and wondered if she should be considered a threat, Kira told them to relax and keep doing their job, idly chatting with them until Matthias noticed her absence and the Limbus Company employees were forced to square up against them.
Moses was able to hold the two back temporarily by making use of a Distortion called the Human Thunderbolt, which possessed the corpse of a nearby LCA agent and turned against the duo, allowing the group to make their escape. While Matthias stayed back to deal with it, Kira gave chase. To distract Kira, Moses released the Abnormality Drenched Gossypium, hypothesizing that Kira's tendency to rush into difficult "boss battles" by herself would result in her remaining stuck in place for long enough for the group to escape. Kira was heavily injured after acting just as Moses had predicted, but was saved after Matthias joined up with her again, defeating the Abnormality with just one swing of his sword.
Matthias engaged in a hunt with the LCB and LCD, defeating a number of Peccatula and the Ambling Pearl Abnormality along the way as they tried desperately to outmaneuver him. He was eventually stopped by Vespa's arrival and the news that the Dihui Star had retrieved the Golden Boughs, which led him to leave with the wounded Kira.
Afterwards, Kira and Matthias would spend time watching television and eating snacks in the Corridor of the Middle portion of the House of Spiders. During Limbus Company's retaliative raid on the Nursefathers, the father and daughter were confronted there by Don Quixote, Hong Lu and Yi Sang, alongside Ezra, Moses, and Vespa. At the time, it was made known that Matthias has been a shallow father to both her and Ryōshū. Following a brief verbal standoff, the two groups engaged in battle. Eventually, while Matthias evaded a deadly attack from Moses, Kira managed to catch Vespa off-guard with a sneak attack, hoping for a follow-up attack from her papa; however, Matthias brutally cleaved her in half to land a clean hit on the Yellow Harpoon, claiming that "a little sacrifice ain't a thing if it's for one of us". Aeng-du radioed the team to tell them that the LCC Department was requesting that Kira be captured alive, and so Hong Lu used one of the group's K Corp. ampules to save her life. Afterwards, Matthias was killed once and for all, and Kira was taken to the LCC Department following the successful raid on the House of Spiders.

**Intervallo VII: Twining Threads**

Kira spent a few days between Canto IX and Intervallo VII unconscious in the LCE's recovery ward, where she had her belongings stripped from her and was considered a prisoner. She was eventually visited by Hohenheim and a couple of Sinners, during which Hohenheim coldly instructed her that she was expected to make herself worth keeping alive by contributing where she was asked. Kira initially resisted, however, some persuasion and sympathy from Ryōshū managed to get Kira to comply, admitting that her father had lost to Limbus Company because he was weaker than them.
Dante, Hohenheim, Faust, Don Quixote, and Ryōshū then entered the Ring Corridor of the House of Spiders with the intention of using Kira to help them identify and explore the doors. There, they were introduced to Alan, who suddenly smacked Kira in response to her offering minimal information and an uncooperative attitude. To this, Kira began questioning whether or not Limbus Company could actually be trustworthy, but the group simply moved on from the incident after reprimanding Alan. Their team entered a door only to find themselves in a Fauvist gallery of the Ring, where they encountered Émile Benoît and quickly realized that all of them were in grave danger. As Ryōshū discovered she could no longer unsheathe her sword during her attempts at distracting the Maestro, Hohenheim had Alan prepare an opportunity to escape, and Kira surprised herself by jumping in to intercept an attack from the Maestro. As she regretted this decision, Hohenheim withdrew the lock on her weapons. Though Kira was soon surrounded, convinced that Limbus Company would simply leave her there to die, Hohenheim found an opportunity and insisted that she make it out alive with them. After some struggling, the six escaped back into the Corridor.
Afterwards, they regrouped back at the base where most of the other Sinners were. Kira had a brief reunion with Vespa, learned more about Shin and Mang, and discovered that Matthias was entirely unable teach her how to utilize it properly, due to him "had never once reflected upon his own sins" according to the Yellow Harpoon. Dante's initial group then left again to continue with their door exploration, with the addition of Outis and Heathcliff. Kira gave up more information about the Backdoors, and the one they ended up entering gave Ryōshū the chance to reflect on Saru, a series of memories that everyone but Kira was allowed to witness. Everyone then moved on to a door in the Middle Corridor, and Kira and the LCB stumble into the Middle's territory in District 21, which gave Kira some time to think about her father, conflicted that both he and Limbus Company had demonstrated care toward her. After hearing about Heathcliff's coupon-stealing crime against the Middle, she became excited and requested that he let her have the coupons instead. When a wave of angry Fauvist Students later geared toward the LCB, Kira recommended they not fight in the Middle's territory, and led them out back into the Corridor instead.
Later, the crew made their way to the Thumb's Corridor, where Kira, alongside some others, start eavesdropping on Gregor's conversation with Hong Lu and Moses. After the two groups coalesced, Kira spoke about her time in the Thumb Corridor, mentioning Valencina's mistreatment towards Lucio and her belief that he was going to swap sides against his own Nursefather. After stepping into the Backdoor Ryōshū pointed towards, they were met with an old workplace of Gregor's.
As the Limbus Company employees continued forward again, the team ran into the remainder of the Sinners, and they all banded together to begin exploring the Index Corridor. During, Kira struggled to recall the memory of someone she couldn't quite put her finger on. Eventually, she pointed the LCB toward a room she often saw Rien enter, which happened to lead to a basement. They spent some time exploring there before moving on to the Corridor of the Pinky Nursefather, where Kira similarly grappled with the void Ren had left in her memories. Their group encountered Rufo in this Corridor, who Kira and Ryōshū discussed their odds of winning against, and eventually triumphed over. After a mishap with the exit, Ryōshū unsheathed Arayashiki and granted them a new way out.
Back at the base, Kira offered up a kind mistranslation to Ryōshū's crude "S.T.F.U." acronym, to which Ryōshū approved. Ryōshū's memories were discussed for a time after, and eventually the LCB made their way back to Mephistopheles for their next adventure. Hohenheim and Kira bid their farewells, Kira having temporarily escaped confinement by taking advantage of the LCE new hires. This gave Kira a chance to have one last interaction with Ryōshū, stating that although they aren't really "family", she wants to learn more about her. When Kira attempts to acronymize "See You Later", Ryōshū tells her to shorten it to "L." instead, and to stop referring to her as Yoshihide. Finally, Kira and Hohenheim leave the bus to go back to Limbus Company HQ.