## Kromer

### Appearance
Kromer's consistent physical traits consist of pale pink skin, silver eyes and silver hair with yellow highlights. Kromer's hair is prominently swept to the right, covering her right eye. Her hair is tied back in a short ponytail when in her school uniform, and cut shorter in present times. Kromer's N Corp. uniform consists of a white shirt with a wide sleeve on the right side. The left side of the shirt is covered by silver plate armor with red wax seal ribbons and a badge with N Corp.'s insignia. The shirt is adorned with four-pointed yellow stars decorations that go from her shoulder to her lower torso, and a rounded, protruding collar in the same color. Kromer wears a cravat around her neck in a gradient that goes from golden to white, atop which is an N Corp. Inquisition red wax seal and ribbon. Her uniform has two different belts of different sizes: a larger yellow, cincture-tied belt with a large silver buckle, and a black baldric upon which Kromer carries her the nail she utilizes as a sword. A thin yellow string decorates the black belt. Her pants are of similar color to her upper half, however it is mostly covered by silver plate armor that extends from her upper thigh to her feet, with red wax seals planted around. Finally, Kromer wears a dirtied white cape that reaches down to the floor.
In the past, Kromer wore a school uniform design which consisted of a long-sleeved white button up shirt overlaid by a green sweater vest with a large V-collar dipping down just below her chest. She wore shorts of a similar color that are rolled up below her knees. Kromer also wears ankle-high white socks and black shoes.

### Personality
Kromer describes herself as "a humanitarian who loves purity," referring to the purity of the human form without prosthetic modifications. As the head of N Corp.'s nailing judgement expedition in Calw, she displays extreme levels of sadism, obsession, and savagery towards prostheses, calling for intense mutilation of those who get these surgeries. She saw prosthetic users as affronts to humanity, describing them as impure things and heretics, and taking extreme pleasure in inflicting them pain, laughing with no remorse at her actions. Her manner of speech is quite casual compared to her fellow Inquisitors, and she has a habit of speaking to her enemies with mocking friendliness.
In Sinclair's memories, Kromer is shown to be a perceptive and charismatic person, noticing Sinclair's reluctance in undergoing prosthetic surgery, and easily manipulating him into trusting her, to the point of giving up his family's basement key to her. It is clear Kromer had always had an authoritative grip over Sinclair, exploiting him during their school years, and appearing possessive over him in current times, describing him as belonging in her hands. Kromer developed an obsession with the flesh, as seen in Sinclair's memories, where she excitedly stared at an Abnormality. This obsession drove her to the point that she had various facilities dedicated to creating Corroded Inquisitors built within Sinclair's basement.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company***

While it is unclear whether Kromer spent her entire life in K Corp. or had grown up in N Corp. and eventually moved Districts,[1] Kromer claims to have always hated living among the "filthy affronts to humanity" she labeled prosthetic users and considered herself a "humanitarian who loves all things human" who should rid the world of the "impure". She was at one point accosted by Director Hermann of N Corp., who showed her a Mirror that would spark her hatred into full-on zealotry.[2] Motivated by the sight of a Mirror World where she carried on a bloody crusade with Sinclair as her faithful underling, Kromer would keep cultivating her hatred and prepare to one day destroy Calw.
Kromer attended school in Calw, the Holy Site of Nest K's Prosthetic Industry, where she was Sinclair's classmate for a time. She laid low for a while, until she eventually overheard a conversation between her classmates and caught wind of Sinclair's hesitance to go through with his upcoming prosthetic procedure. Kromer took the chance to properly introduce herself to Sinclair, and they began bonding over his discomfort with replacing one's body with something else, with Kromer appearing to empathize with his struggle. They began to speak frequently, and at the time, Sinclair considered her a friend. When Sinclair went on to befriend Demian, he noted that Kromer never approached him on the days they were together.
Later, Kromer would prepare to take action against the people of Calw. She promised Sinclair that she would "help him" alleviate his pressures to receive his own prosthetic if he would help her with a grudge of hers in turn. For that cause, she asked him for his basement key, and Sinclair would hesitantly follow her through a filthy air vent attached to his home's basement. The two used the vent to peek into a Lobotomy Corporation branch containment cell, within which was an Abnormality that enraptured Kromer and sent Sinclair spiraling with horror and regret. Afterwards, she handed him two coins as her "thanks", instructing Sinclair to always keep them with him.
From that day forward, Sinclair grew terrified of Kromer, and did his best to avoid her. Still, he eventually mustered up the courage to ask for his basement key back. Though Kromer cackled at his hesitance to speak up, she still complied, handing back the borrowed item. She later explained to him that she was fine giving it up because she ultimately considered Sinclair to be her true "key".
In the meantime, Kromer had become part of a subsection of Nagel und Hammer called the Inquisitors, which she would come to lead as the top-ranking One Who Grips. This group also began to establish a public presence in the area, with its Hammers growing comfortable walking openly around Calw.[3] With this power, Kromer went through with her plan to desecrate the prosthetic-laden citizens of Calw on Christmas Eve. As such, when Sinclair arrived home from school that day, he discovered that Kromer and Guido had broken in and massacred his entire family. Kromer thanked Sinclair for the opportunity he'd given her, before taking back one of the coins she'd gifted him and declaring she'd call for him again when the time was right. Afterwards, relishing in the knowledge that this day would haunt him for the rest of his life, Kromer ordered for him to be brought to safety, satisfied with her accomplishments.
Some time after the murder of the Sinclair family, Kromer made a deal with K Corp. that would allow her to bring the Inquisition to Calw and destroy the rest of the town in return for supplying their Singularity with footage of the tragedy.[4]

**Canto III: The Unconfronting**

Some time later, still far off from Christmas, Kromer reenacted the day she murdered Sinclair's family in an attempt to permanently break his spirit and lead her to join her cause. She hung up the innocent townspeople in trees and on pikes, considering them less than human and deserving of the torment. Among these was the LCCB's Effie, whose limbs she had forcefully applied prosthetics to in an excuse to persecute and torture him. She also set fire to Sinclair's old home, where she reunited with him face-to-face and verbally tormented him, finding great enjoyment in his suffering and no concern for the fact that this outcome was clearly not what he'd wanted.
Kromer reached the Golden Bough before the Sinners could and resonated with it, revealing a manifested mindscape of mountains upon mountains of corpses. Sinclair found the resolution to kill her, and confronted her on the hills. Partway through their fight, Kromer distorted, and mentioned a Mirror World she witnessed of the two of them fighting side-by-side under her cause to kill prosthetic users, much to Sinclair's distress and denial. All throughout the battle, she attempted to manipulate, scar, and ruin her former classmate, claiming his family's death was entirely his fault and projecting her extremist beliefs onto him.
With time, Sinclair's determination slowed, and he seemed to give up on the fight against her when Demian appeared in response to a sentiment by Dante. In a want for no one else to "domineer over" Sinclair, Demian waved his arm and cleaved her clean in half, ultimately leading to a swift and dramatic end for Kromer.

### Trivia
Kromer is based on Franz Kromer from *Demian: The Story of a Boyhood* by Hermann Hesse.
The two coins that Kromer gives to Sinclair, and later asks to have returned to her, in *Limbus Company* are inspired by their central interaction in the novel. In *Demian*, Sinclair lies about stealing apples from a local orchard in an attempt to show off to some of the neighborhood boys, including the neighborhood bully Franz Kromer. Kromer threatens to report Sinclair for the theft, telling him that the owner of the orchard has offered a reward of two marks for anyone who reports the thief, so Sinclair must give Kromer two marks if he does not wish to be reported and known as a criminal.
Kromer's whistles are a reference by Franz Kromer whistling to signal to Sinclair when it was time to exchange the money. Due to Emil Sinclair being ten years old during this time, he was unable to acquire the full amount of money that Kromer was extorting from him, so the two had to meet multiple times throughout several weeks as Sinclair slowly paid off the two marks. Even while recalling the events as an adult who has survived war, Sinclair believes he would still be frightened if he were to hear Kromer whistling again.
In addition to her whistles being referenced throughout the story of Canto III, they are also referenced in gameplay. In certain combat stages throughout the Canto, Kromer will whistle every three turns, applying *Kromer's Whistles Kromer's WhistlesWe shall fear not, for the One Who Grips is with us. to the enemy N Corp. Inquisitors, and causing Sinclair to lose 30 SP. As an enemy, Kromer has the passive "Fearsome Whistles" which applies debuffs to Sinclair unless he has 3 of A Sign A SignSinclair’s determination to stand up to Kromer. Once three strokes have been drawn….
Kromer's avoidance of Sinclair on days when he spoke to Demian and her eventual fate of being killed by Demian are inspired by Franz Kromer eventually being scared off from continuing to harass Emil Sinclair thanks to Max Demian. In Demian*, Demian takes notice of how Sinclair is being bullied by Kromer and offers to help him be rid of the problem. While he first tries to get more information about the situation from Sinclair, he eventually decides to step in and handle it for Sinclair. At one point he makes the remark that Sinclair should just kill Kromer, and that he would help him with the act if Sinclair so desired. While Franz Kromer is not killed by either of the two boys, Demian soon confronts him and from then on Kromer never bothers Sinclair again.
Kromer's title of "The One Who Grips" is based on Carl Jung's *Essay on Wotan* from 1936. In the essay, Jung describes Wotan, an ancient god of storm and frenzy, linking the concepts epitomized by the god to the rise of the German Youth Movement. In the essay, Jung connects the ideals of Nazism embodied by Adolf Hitler to the concept of "Ergriffenheit", of being gripped, signifying a state of collective fury spurred on by Wotan. This postulates the roles of an Ergriffener, one who is gripped, as well as an Ergreifer, one who grips, with the latter role being connected to Wotan himself.
The essay additionally describes Wotan as an unleasher of passions, lust for battle and blood, reflecting Kromer's role in *Limbus Company*.
Kromer The Dreamer Of Human Wholeness bears a striking resemblance to the Peccatulum Luxuriae. Sinclair also notes that the Peccatulum reminds him of Kromer in his observation log.
Incidentally, the Peccatulum Luxuriae first appears in the same dungeon that Kromer acts as the final boss of.
If The One Who Shall Grip Sinclair is deployed in the battle against Kromer in the Canto III Story Dungeon, she will become Staggered on the first Turn and say "Aah… Could it… You're… My Sinclair…?!".
This was the first unique interaction between an enemy and a specific Identity.
Before the May 10th 2023 update, Kromer instead said "Ah… You… No way…. My Sinclair?"
Like with other unique Identity interactions with certain enemies, this does not occur when encountered in the Mirror Dungeon.