## Linton

### Appearance
Linton is a pale man with a gloomy expression and short pale blond hair that stops just above his ears. He wears a long black overcoat atop a black vest and white button-up shirt, with a black necktie. He wears dark trousers and shoes. In his vest pocket, he carries a timepiece, customary of most T Corp. citizens.

### Personality
Linton keeps a quiet and polite front, befitting of his high status. He prefers to avoid getting involved in discussions and looks down upon those who do, giving the appearance of a detached and composed personality.
Beneath this exterior, Linton possesses an envious and cruel side. Ever since he was a child, during his visits to Wuthering Heights, he would think of ways to humiliate Heathcliff and get him in trouble, such as belittling his looks and lower social standing, insulting him purposefully to push Heathcliff into retaliating, something he knew Heathcliff would then receive harsh physical punishment for. Linton's behavior of superiority stems in some capacity from insecurity, as Linton carried a deep jealousy of Catherine's affection for Heathcliff throughout his life. Similarly, during their reunion at the manor Linton continues to provoke Heathcliff by boasting about his role as Catherine's husband by law and the happy life they shared, which he later is forced to admit was a lie.
Linton always felt a strong attachment to Catherine, having fallen for her upon their first meeting. Catherine mentions that Linton's smile would flash for no one other than her, and that there was nothing he found happiness in outside of her. Through their youth and the decline of her health, all the way to her death Linton's feelings for her were blind to everything: Linton appears to know little about her, not knowing details such as her favorite flower or where she kept her diary, and to never feel the need to speak to her openly, agreeing to her sudden marriage proposal after her months of delirium and suicidal ideation, and following her every request even in the development of an experiment that would end with her death.
Linton's single-minded devotion stopped at nothing, with him collaborating with the Ring in the kidnapping of test subjects from Nest T and putting his family name on the line in the process. He appears, while saddened, largely unaffected even by his younger sister's death during the events of Canto VI, and he seems to understand the extent of Catherine's feelings for Heathcliff only during the Canto, having carried a hope all through their marriage that she would eventually change her mind and choose him instead. Linton appears completely unafraid of death, having been highly frail due to his sickness his entire life, and finding meaning in death so long as it would bring Catherine sorrow, showing that he had a place in her heart.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company***

Linton was first made acquainted with the members of the Wuthering Heights manor during a time when Catherine and Heathcliff were racing outside and the two attempted to catch a glimpse at the insides of the Edgar Family residence. The family sent their hounds after the two children, causing Catherine to be attacked and injured. They helped the girl after the injury, which caused Linton to properly meet her. He fell in love with her instantly, and continually fawned over her.
Linton, throughout his childhood, would purposefully aggravate Heathcliff so he would be attacked, something he'd abuse along with his sickliness to get the other boy in trouble, to which Catherine repeatedly scolded him over.
In his older years, Linton married Catherine, something Heathcliff listened in on. This was primarily done so that the two would have greater wealth, rather than if Catherine married Heathcliff and the two ended up destitute. This was a primary reason for Heathcliff leaving the manor, which put Catherine into her state of sudden sickness, creating a divide between her and her spouse, something Linton attempted to mend with little progress. He and Catherine would not have a happy marriage, devoid of mutual love.
At some point in time, he played a part in remodeling Wuthering Heights, working with the Ring to turn the basement into the state it is found in present time. This was in accordance with Catherine's wishes, something he did his best to follow at all times.

**Canto VI: The Heartbreaking**

Linton first appeared as the Sinners arrive to Wuthering Heights, being a part of one of the many factions present during the reading of his wife's will, commanding a slew of Butlers as back-up. He argued with Heathcliff and Hindley over their negligence revolving around the state of the manor, before the reading of the will progressed to a point of completion, leaving the manor in Linton's hands as something to remember Catherine by.
Soon after, lightning struck and caused the scattering of parties, with Linton's Butlers battling members of the Dead Rabbits Syndicate. Linton would send his Butlers to search for his late wife's diary, something that he previously attempted to read yet was met with pages completely covered in ink with no meaning. The Butlers were commanded by Nelly to return to their master, who was waiting at the hearth, the disguised entrance to the basement. Confronting the Sinners, Linton berated and taunted Heathcliff, before sending a final wave of Butlers to attack them. When defeated, Linton revealed that he commissioned an offshoot group from the Ring after acquiring his fortune from his eldest brother, before having a breakdown caused by his sickness. Seeing the diary revealed to him—and upon realizing that Heathcliff is able to read it yet he is still unable to—he conceded and understood that this is likely a greater part of Catherine's plan, before he pushed a button that revealed the entrance to the basement from within the hearth. He stayed behind as the Sinners progress deeper within the manor.
He later reached the Sinners in the midst of the basement, arriving to the sight of his now-deceased sister, Isabella, having been used as the body which the Dead Rabbits Boss Identity was projected onto. He went on to reveal to those present that Catherine had made the entire plan to remodel the basement into its current state, something he did no more than follow along with. He made note of the fact their marriage was nothing that one should yearn for, with Catherine distant towards him, secluding herself following Heathcliff's departure. As he openly questioned why Catherine left him in the state that he's in, he suddenly began to melt into a pile of 'putty', whilst plugging his decaying body into the machinery of the room.
His body, in its putty-like state, would serve as the material used to bring back the Dead Rabbits Boss Heathcliff Identity in its purest form. Alternate versions of him were among those summoned to participate in the Wild Hunt.

### Trivia
Linton is based on both Edgar Linton and Linton Heathcliff from *Wuthering Heights*. While taking the name and position from the former, his poor health and personality seem to be more inspired by Linton rather than Edgar.
In various occasions, Edgar Linton verbally disparages Heathcliff, incurring Catherine's anger; one of these scenes is directly reprised in the game.
His sister, Isabella, is named after Edgar Linton's sister in *Wuthering Heights*, Isabella Linton.
Linton Heathcliff is noted to be too weak to resort to physical violence, only being able to enact cruelty when sure he will not face consequences, instead relying on verbal abuse, or on his father's help. This is reflected in Linton's behavior towards Heathcliff and in his dynamic with Hindley in childhood, during which he would abuse Heathcliff by ensuring Hindley would physically punish him.
Linton's frail constitution and weak lungs reference Linton Heathcliff's own illness, a form of consumption.
The names of Linton of the Wild Hunt's Skills (*Marc...*, *...te*, *Fl...he*, *Cou...oit*) seem to reflect the names of various Cinq Association Skills (*Marche*, *Fente*, *Flèche*, *Coup Droit*). Additionally, Linton makes use of a rapier in battle. This may suggest that, similarly to Hindley, Linton received an amount of combat training, possibly from the Cinq Association.
It is likely Linton has more than one brother, as he refers to one of them as his eldest brother instead of older.
Don Quixote mentions recognizing the family name from Fixer magazines, implying that at least one of Linton's siblings may be involved in some form of Fixer business.