## Marile

### Appearance
Marile appears to be a bulky man, though most of his features save for the top half of his face is covered. He has dark grey hair with white streaks (which are very inconspicuous under his hood). He has black eyes, and a stern facial expression. His mask is emblazoned with an orange circular shape, surrounded by three small rectangles logo. His uniform appears to have many layers, with a zipper running down its length and a white belt across his chest. A long dark brown coat is thrown over his uniform. The sleeves of his coat halt at the elbows and are tucked into long white gloves with two yellow belts. On his left sleeve, a dark red X has been crudely drawn over a logo similar to the one on his mask.
During combat, he wears a standard Lobotomy E.G.O::Red Sheet uniform, including a unique hood covered in the talismans worn on the outfit.

### Personality
Marile appears to be a blunt and serious work-aligned individual. He dislikes verbose people, seen by him attempting to silence Ran when they first invade the K Corp. headquarters. Another instance of this is when he retorts bluntly against Faust after her short exposition about "the new age". He is very adamant about pursuing his views, but he is shown to have some room for negotiation. He also arguably has his own kind of humor, evident from his comment about removing educational background from the Alliance recruitment requisites after Heathcliff says his piece about using force to convince people. He seems to have a meticulous hand, putting a lot of effort and care into creating the robots used by the terrorist group.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company***

Before the LCB arrived at K Corp. during the events of Canto IV, Marile and other members of the Technology Liberation Alliance had been involved in a number of terrorist attacks on the laboratories belonging to the Wing. Throughout those attacks, he had been working to develop machines capable of killing K Corp. employees in such a way that the healing ampules would be unable to restore them.
At some point in the past, Marile attended an interview for B Corp., where he was seen by Samjo.

**Canto IV: The Unchanging**

While the Sinners were on a tour of Dongrang's laboratory, the Alliance begins an attack on another lab in the building and the group rushed to the area. Here, they found Marile and Ran discussing the design of the machines they brought with them, as they were failing to do enough damage to the brain to prevent the healing ampules from functioning. When Ishmael called the two terrorists, Marile became upset as he disagrees with the idea that the Technology Liberation Alliance are a terrorist organization. Not long after, Shrenne arrived with reinforcements, the Fixers of Rosespanner Workshop. Upon seeing Niko and the other Fixers, Ran declared that this had become boring and tells Marile that they should leave, which he quickly agreed to.
The next time Marile encountered the Sinners is when he was surrounded by the bodies of K Corp. researchers who had been killed by the Alliance's machines. He had a short exchange with Faust and then Heathcliff where he elaborates on his motivation for being in the Technology Liberation Alliance. According to him, he and the other members had already cast aside the parts of the City's technology that they ideologically disagreed with and had no reason to care what would happen to the ignorant masses who would suffer with the loss of such progress. Because the people of City refused to believe in the truth even after seeing it with their own eyes, changing the world through force was the only remaining option. After this discussion, he engaged in a fight with the Sinners and was defeated.