## Matthias

### Appearance
Matthias is a bulky man, with dark skin and pure-white hair worn short with blunt bangs. He is typically seen wearing a pair of thick sunglasses, with a gold bridge between the lenses. He wears a white suit overtop a black dress shirt — unbuttoned and revealing a large scar on his chest — with a massive coat with the colors and pattern customary of members of the Middle worn over his shoulders. He keeps his Book of Vengeance on his left hip, with his opposite leg wrapped in golden chains. Notably, his right leg appears to shift through the use of his enhancement tattoos into a large claw, one he uses in combat. He is missing his right arm, though is shown to have worn white gloves on both hands in the past. His body is covered in enhancement tattoos, similar in design to other members of the Middle. On his back rests an oversized metallic sword and scabbard.
The sword, Lævateinn, is bound by at least three layers of seals, taking the form of thick chains keeping each layer tightly bound. When revealed, the sword appears with a thin-tipped appearance and a red burning hue across the entire length of the blade.

### Personality
Typical of those in his primary faction, Matthias is deeply devout to those on his side and brutal to those not. He is shown to feature an intense excitement at the possibility of reuniting with Ryōshū, who he called "buddy" in her youth. He features a toy-loving attitude, which contributes to a short attention span likened to hits destruction of new toys, as well as a tendency to buy and collect things he has no intention to actually use. Despite this somewhat immature personality, he remains highly capable in combat, able to fend off a variety of opponents at a time, with a litany of specific tools that assist his battles. Even with his boisterous personality, Matthias is a brutal and dedicated man who understands the goal of his side, never wavering when it is threatened or questioned.
However, at his core, Matthias is an intensely selfish man who only truly cares about short-term pleasure and indulging his hedonism. While he expresses affection for those under his watch, his understanding of parental care is highly superficial and neglectful, mostly involving flaunting his wealth and spoiling his "children" with no heed for consequences. Ultimately, he treats the needs of his peers as entirely irrelevant compared to his own, even fellow Middle members, and will even sacrifice them in a heartbeat if it benefits him.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company**

As a child, Matthias sought a toy of high acclaim, though was unable to purchase this item. Because of this failure, and the company's subsequent shutting-down, he experienced a deep feeling of despair being implanted to his being.
At some point, Matthias became a member of the Middle. During an expedition to the Ruins together with a Great Brother and Great Sister,[4] the group would discover the Lævateinn, a burning Relic of immense power. When the Great Brother claimed it as his own, Matthias, overtaken by envy, killed him and the Great Sister, destroying all evidence and claiming the sword as his own. Although Lævateinn was beyond his ability to wield to its full potential,[5] Matthias was nonetheless satisfied by simply being the owner of a legendary sword as he had once dreamed as a child, seeing his banishment as inconsequential in comparison. Despite this, his actions still aroused suspicion: though he held the rank of Great Brother, the members of the Syndicate were aware that he'd forsaken the absolute loyalty of the Middle.[6][3]
Among the five Fingers, Matthias was the Middle's representative in the process of raising Ryōshū into a "perfect blade". In her youth, Ryōshū was raised by Matthias, who frequently spoiled her with toys and violently punished those who slighted her.
At one point during Ryōshū's childhood, she attended a Ring subsidiary's art academy, where she got into a small scuffle with other children. She went home to Matthias and told him about the fight, causing him to praise her and leave the House of Spiders to enact vengeance on the class. Ryōshū came to class seeing that Matthias had beheaded her instructor and planned to take the right arms of several children, leaving her scarred and having her perspective on him changed.
He traveled with the girl, taking her out on streaks of buying expensive items, whether she wanted them or not, or taking her out to other Districts such as District 21.
During her rampage through the House of Spiders, Matthias was attacked by Ryōshū, having his right arm severed from his body. Despite the pain, all he did was question her reasoning, wondering if she were mad at him for something.
After Ryōshū's departure from the House of Spiders, Matthias adopted and began teaching an apprentice,[7] Kira, who shares similar interest in toys and battle as her "papa". During the time, the two bonded closely, though superfluously, with Kira's general quality of life being geared towards Matthias' interest in the easy-going and unsustainable. Matthias would become continually burdened by his debt to the Middle, though he appeared to remain close with Ricardo, who frequented the same salon as he and Kira.

**Canto IX: The Unsevering**

During the raid upon the Limbus Company HQ, Matthias was present in the assault, joined by his apprentice Kira who he told to not wander off, though she did regardless. In the beginning of the raid, Matthias was one of the first to begin the slaughter, witnessed by Marton as he launched his sword into members of the LCE.
Amidst the slaughter, Matthias was witnessed by members of the LCD, Ishmael, Outis, and Rodion, crushing members of the LCA that arrived to assist those trapped in the HQ. During his killings, Matthias repeatedly shouted "Yoshihide" in excitement. After his killings, he went to find where Kira, who was speaking to the LCD members and Sinners at the time, ran off to. In a moment of quick thinking, the Limbus Company employees managed to convince Kira into a game of hide and seek during the time they left Matthias to deal with one of the released Distortions, the Human Thunderbolt. While battling the Distortion, Matthias realized the group was the party responsible for the transgressions against Ricardo, who Matthias holds dearly in his heart.
After defeating the Distortion, Matthias traveled further into the facility, where Kira was being attacked by Drenched Gossypium, unable to free herself from the Abnormality's grasp. Despite the poor odds the girl had, Matthias instantly cleaved the Abnormality, causing it to revert to its egg form. Explaining his tendency to break new toys, Matthias began confronting the group, while the Sinners prepared to battle. At the necessary moment, however, the Sinners fell limp, leaving the LCD members to fend for themselves without assistance. This gave Moses and Ezra a moment to prepare another Abnormality, Ambling Pearl, which sprayed a paralytic acid and a load of flesh-eating maggots onto Matthias. Even still, Matthias swiftly defeated the Abnormality with two strikes, expressing his boredom at the stock of tricks and toys running low. While he prepared to finally end the LCD members, Moses utilized her E.G.O to temporarily cuff the man while Aeng-du and Ezra began an assault, with aims to behead the man. However, at this crucial moment, a Moonlight Stone Matthias held onto gave him enough leeway to begin moving again, allowing him to deflect the assault and severing Aeng-du's arms. Commending the girl for her arms' ability to remain holding her sword, he ensures a commendable death. In the few moments it took for him to prepare an attack against Moses, however, Vespa, newly appointed as a Color Fixer, managed to arrive on the scene and force Matthias into a deadlock.
During their stalemate, Matthias received the call to return to the House of Spiders, causing him to call off the fight with Vespa. Recognizing the need for both sides to tend to those important to them, he leaves the battle with Kira, letting Vespa know that he "appreciates a good bowl cut", in reference to the Fixer's hair.
Matthias and Kira are later encountered by Yi Sang, Don Quixote, Hong Lu, and the LCD amidst a massive storehouse in the House of Spiders, containing all of his boxed model toys. The two were watching shows on a television, where it's made known Matthias has allowed Kira to eat exclusively junk food for the last few days, despite the difficulties this may pose in raising a child. After a brief verbal standoff, the duo engaged the combined forces of Limbus Company in a battle. As Matthias began releasing more locks on Lævateinn to gain an upper hand, he was able to evade a decisive attack from Moses. While this happened, Kira vanished and pinned Vespa in a sneak attack, only for Matthias to brutally cleave her in half in order to land a clean hit on the Yellow Harpoon, claiming it to be a necessary sacrifice since the two were family. Disgusted by his callousness, Moses took the chance to line up a second attack that punched a hole through Matthias's torso, followed by Vespa cutting his head in half.

**Intervallo VII: Twining Threads**

Following Operation Spider Pyre, the House of Spiders was gradually traversed by the Sinners, accompanied by Kira and Alan of Wayfarer Company. The Middle's Corridor, now stripped of most of its goods and items, served as a sour reminder to Kira about her "papa"'s demise. While she desperately clung to her positive memories of the man, she was confronted by Ryōshū, who pushed her to acknowledge Matthias' inability to truly understand the interests of others ― and if he did ― destroy them.

### Trivia
Lævateinn, the Relic Matthias posseses, takes its name from a weapon created by the god Loki in Norse mythology.