## Meursault

### Appearance
Meursault is a tall, well-built man with slicked-back black hair and small green eyes. He possesses a sharp face with a thick neck and wide eyebrows. He wears the Limbus Company vest, but opts not to overlay it the standard company coat. Underneath his vest is the typical white collared shirt and red tie. His ID hangs from his right breast. Meursault's belt is notably different from the other sinners', and rather than being fitted with several silver frames, has one large, rusted chain link for a buckle in the middle.
In battle, Meursault wields two elbow-length gauntlets in battle; the lower portion of the right gauntlet has the word "SOLEIL" emblazoned on it.

### Personality
Meursault is a very prompt man, with a penchant for following orders. He speaks bluntly and concisely, never mincing his words. Throughout his first few adventures with the LCB, Meursault is reserved and obedient to the point of not speaking or acting on the sole basis of not having been asked to.
He is noticeably emotionally distant, never emoting nor approaching matters from a non-logical standpoint. While he has a heightened awareness of the world around him, often noticing details others do not, he has trouble discerning which observations are worth sharing. This leads to situations wherein he either shares too much, such as reciting irrelevant emoticons while reading off an email in Canto IV: The Unchanging, or shares too little, as when he failed to report the sudden disappearance of Limbus Company's target in Intervallo III: Yield My Flesh to Claim Their Bones. He also has a tendency to struggle with social cues, such as by provoking others unintentionally, characterizing him as somewhat awkward in the process. Meursault makes an effort to learn from his mistakes, however, and is quick to adapt after criticism.
With time, Meursault has begun to share some of his thoughts and take initiative without being ordered to. Yet, his prolonged and inexpressive manner of speech often leads to others jumping to conclusions and cutting him off before he can finish speaking. While most of his comments remain tailored to the logistics of the present situation, he may occasionally admit to something more vulnerable, such as feelings of nostalgia. And while many of his judgements are extremely objective and utilitarian, following only the will of the manager, some do take others' feelings into consideration. Notably, Canto VI: The Heartbreaking sees him weigh the success of the mission against Heathcliff's safety, ultimately prioritizing Heathcliff's survival.[4] He also uses his E.G.O to successfully bind Erlking Heathcliff without being prompted.
In Canto V, Meursault mentions having wandered "in search of life's joys". In the process, he appears to have experienced many facets of life, picking up a variety of skills including cooking, massages, and fighting prowess. He also dedicates himself to staying up-to-date on City matters, opting to read the newspaper each morning. This makes him a relatively well-received member of the LCB even despite his icy attitude, as the others view him as reliable. Meursault is always up to the task, whether it be acting as a walking encyclopedia, or coming into clutch for more pressing matters.

### Background
Meursault was previously employed by N Corp. for an unknown length of time. While working for the Wing, he would think about his own personal opinions on humanity and if it aligned with N Corp's ideals of believing that pain is necessary to be considered human, but he never came to a conclusion. Meursault has mentioned being familiar with the N Corp. Taboo Hunter Vespa Crabro, though he has denied being a Taboo Hunter himself.[5]
In the past, Meursault was more open to elaborating on his thoughts without being prompted to do so, but after he found that people were often unable to accept what he had to say he stopped sharing such information with others. He used to wander about to discover the joys of life, and often visited clubs during this time. Meursault also used to smoke "Most things that fall under the category of 'cigarette'", but eventually dropped the habit of his own will, as he failed to see any purpose in maintaining it further.[6] When describing his past in Canto IX he explains having "partook" in activities both generally seen as "right" and "wrong" by society,[6] which further emphasizes the experimental nature of his behavior at that time. Meursault has mentioned that he has seen multiple cases of Distortion Phenomenon, but did not confirm if this was related to his time at N Corp. Meursault has also confirmed to have heard Carmen's voice in the past,[7] but it has not been confirmed if this led to a Distortion, E.G.O, or neither.
As a child, Meursault was scolded by his mother in a way he describes as similar to the way that Outis reprimands Don Quixote and Heathcliff in Intervallo III: Miracle in District 20.

### Trivia
Meursault's character icon depicts the rays of the sun in the sky, with thick chains dividing it. It is notably confined to a rectangular space, unlike the other Sinners' icons, with the chains cutting off the rectangle, creating the shape of a guillotine blade, referencing the method of execution he is sentenced to in *The Stranger*.
Meursault is represented by the 🌇 emoji.[8]
However, in non-official content it is quite common to find him represented by the ⛓ emoji, referencing his base E.G.O, Chains of Others.
Meursault's particulars are listed as "refuses to cast any moral judgement",[9] while his associated color is #293b95, Decay Blue.[10]
Meursault is based on the eponymous protagonist of the novella *The Stranger* by French author, philosopher, and political activist Albert Camus.
In *The Stranger*, Meursault is on first appearance an amoral and overly-rational man, completely detached from all understanding of typical societal standards, such as him not showing obvious engagement for sentimental rituals during his mother's funeral, and passing absolutely no judgement towards the behavior of his unsavory neighbors, instead focusing on the physical sensations he feels in his life. After he shoots and kills an unnamed Arab man on the beach, his murder trial focuses less on the actual crime committed and more on his perceived soullessness, as someone who did not cry at his mother's funeral.
The "SOLEIL" written on Meursault's gauntlet, meaning "Sun" in French, represents the recurring motif of the heat of the sun in *The Stranger*, which causes Meursault discomfort during his mother's funeral, clouds his judgement on the beach when he kills the unnamed Arab, causes him further discomfort during his trial, and is used as his only defense for why he committed a murder- a defense that Meursault himself recognizes as sounding ridiculous.
Meursault's introduction quote references the famous opening line of *The Stranger*, which introduces the theme of Meursault's indifference to the life around him.
Compared to the other Sinners, his quote deviates quite impactfully from its original source: the original quote instead reads "Today, mother died. Or maybe it was yesterday." (French: *Aujourd'hui, maman est morte. Ou peut-être hier, je ne sais pas.)*
Meursault is shown to have an eidetic memory, the ability to recall a memory with high precision after only experiencing it once.[11]
Like all of the Sinners, Meursault voiced a "Document Excerpt" Youtube short.
During HamHamPangPang's *Limbus Company* Pop-up theme, one of the available menu items was "Sinner Soul Food" which changed every week to be a different meal associated with one of the twelve playable Sinners. Meursault's associated meal was Ratatouille.[12]
Meursault's collar in his Story Log icon and full character art differs from the one he is depicted with in his Sprites.
Meursault has a repeated association with eyes:
Art for his base E.G.O. *Chains of Others* features him sitting in a prison cell with multiple eyes drawn on the wall staring at him.
During the battles against Sora/Enemy, Meursault is implictly identified by Hermes as "Gaze" [13]