## Outis

### Appearance
Outis is an olive-skinned woman of average build and height, with light brown eyes and brown hair. Her uniform is comprised of a short black jacket, a white dress shirt, a red necktie, formal black pants and black combat boots. She also has two gold earrings on her left ear, a broken wristwatch on her left wrist, and carries her sword sheathed on her left hip. Overall, Outis's uniform is well-kept, professional and lacks any adornments.
In battle, Outis wields a modernly designed kopis with "ΟΥΤΙΣ" written along the blade.

### Personality
Outis is a strict, commanding woman whose history as a war veteran is at the forefront of her personality. Compared to other Sinners, she tends to be disciplined and well put-together, as she approaches most scenarios with a cool head and tactical mindset. This includes levying high levels of suspicion towards most everyone the LCB encounters, ensuring that everyone stays on their toes. She is also a quick thinker, and a highly opinionated one. Outis loathes to follow plans and people she does not agree with, and will not hesitate to talk back to individuals higher up the chain of command, so long as it wouldn't stand to disadvantage her. An excess of pride is evident in every action she takes.
Similarly, an arrogant sense of self confidence also follows Outis wherever she goes. Outis makes it clear that she sees herself as one of the most competent members of the LCB—if not the most—and often claims that her and Dante make up more than enough manpower to settle most situations. While Outis is shown to have great capabilities, the haughtiness of which she carries herself often leads the people around her to dismiss her skill and poke fun at her attitude, to which Outis takes great offense. Part of this adequacy shines through her deeply goal-driven nature, a trait which is emphasized in a few of her Identities, and the years-long journey she describes having taken prior to joining Limbus Company.[4]
Outis has a noticeably sycophantic relationship with Dante, as she is quick to praise them for their leadership prowess and to defend them from any form of criticism. However, the majority of her compliments toward the manager also have a sense of back-handedness, and suggest she does not harbor any genuine good will towards them. Still, with time, Outis' tendency to obnoxiously commend Dante has grown far less common and defining of her character. By Miracle in District 20, she was willing to brazenly lecture Dante on the importance of staying alive, and later stubbornly refute them on Don Quixote's nature in Canto VII: The Dream Ending. Despite this, she has sternly expressed to Dante that they have not disappointed her yet.[5] Rather than making progress with them, the LCB only seems to frustrate Outis more as time passes. She expresses no interest in opening up to her coworkers, including the manager she used to spend so much time trying to impress. Her dislike of the others usually shows through admonishing them for reckless behavior, or pointing out their flaws and general stain on the group. She is particularly opposed to cowardice and the withholding of information.[6]
Additionally, as her file points out, Outis maintains a cunning personality and a mysterious, classified past. Despite it also warning of potential treachery, Outis is consistently the most outspoken against traitors, sniffing out and chastising various back-stabbers across multiple different Cantos.[7] Likewise, Outis has a habit of suggesting that certain Sinners be removed from the company when she feels their behavior may pose a danger to Dante or the proceeding of their missions.
In many ways, Outis behaves as if she were still on the lines of war. She often uses military terms as descriptors, and comments on her coworkers' performance as she would on a platoon of soldiers. While she frequently blames the LCB for being incompetent subordinates, she's not unwilling to fault superiors for failing their men; at times pointing to poor leadership for the failures of other factions.
Although Outis' time on the battlefield has hardened her into a rigid and difficult person, it is that same experience which makes her such a steadfast, knowledgeable, and professional member of the team, determined to follow her journey to its conclusion.

### Background
Currently, not much information regarding her background has been revealed.
Outis fought in the Smoke War and still follows the same strict, military guidelines and behavior that she knew as a soldier. While the exact length of time is unknown, Outis has not returned home in a number of years, likely since the events of the Smoke War. She is a well traveled woman, having spent many years on a journey exploring far lands before she became a Sinner of Limbus Company.

### Trivia
Outis' character icon represents her broken wristwatch, with the silhouette of a horse's head on the face, and has a Greek phrase inscribed onto it: "*Εγώ έχω μια οικογένεια. Είχαν την δικιά τους.*", translating to "**I have my family. They had theirs.**"
Outis is represented by the 👢 emoji.[8]
Outis' particulars are listed as "strategic",[9] while her associated color is #325339, Militant Olive.[10]
Outis takes her name from a pseudonym belonging to her literary basis, Odysseus, the Greek war general that fought in the Trojan War, and eponymous hero of the *Odyssey*. 'Outis' (Greek: Ουτις) was a pseudonym used by Odysseus to trick the Cyclops Polyphemus when the monster demanded the hero’s name after capturing and eating some of Odysseus’ men trapped in his cave.
‘Ουτις’ (Οὖτις) was an Ancient Greek pronoun meaning “nothing” or “nobody”. Using this pseudonym, Odysseus and his men blinded Polyphemus, causing him to scream out “**Nobody** is killing me”. This only led his fellow cyclopes to ignore his pleas for help, believing he was only joking and not in any real danger at all. Unfortunately, in a fit of hubris, Odysseus declared his true identity to taunt Polyphemus — who, upon learning his true name, prayed to his father Poseidon to curse Odysseus as retribution.
The horse depicted in Outis's character icon references the Trojan Horse, a ploy developed by Odysseus and the general Diomedes, that led to the downfall of Troy and victory for the Greeks. As a metaphor, it represents an offering that may look innocent, but whose real purpose is to bring harm to the receiver.
Outis' introduction quote references Odysseus' interaction with Polyphemus in Book IX of the Odyssey (lines 365-367), in which Odysseus introduces himself to the Cyclops with the words: "Noman is my name, Noman do they call me — my mother and my father, and all my comrades as well."[11]
Like all of the Sinners, Outis voiced a "Document Excerpt" Youtube short.
Outis wears a metal name tag as opposed to the ID badge that the the majority of the other Sinners use, a trait she shares with Don Quixote and Hong Lu. This seems to suggest the name "Outis" is a pseudonym, as it is in the *Odyssey*.
Outis' main weapon is a kopis, a curved sword of Ancient Greek origin. The kopis was mainly used in horseback warfare, and was also utilized by Persian, Indian, and Macedonian armies.
The spread collar of Outis' dress shirt is inconsistent between her sprites and older images. In her sprites, the collar is down in the "proper" form, covering the loop of her tie. However, it is upturned in her story log and promotional artwork.
During HamHamPangPang's *Limbus Company* Pop-up theme, one of the available menu items was "Sinner Soul Food" which changed every week to be a different meal associated with one of the twelve playable Sinners. Outis's associated meal was Moussaka.[12]