## Ran

### Appearance
Ran is a woman with brown skin, dark brown hair with dirty-blond highlights and crystal blue eyes. Her hair is shoulder length with messy bangs and a high ponytail tied with an orange-red hair tie. Ran sports a black tank top, reddish-orange workpants with black and white stripes and black waist tie, held up by thick suspender straps of similar color and silver buckles. She loosely wears a K-Corp issued lab coat on her arms, exposing her shoulders and collarbone. The lab coat is heavily dirtied and a large, crudely painted red 'X' is drawn over K Corp's logo, signifying her joining with the Technology Liberation Alliance. Ran is also seen wearing white slippers and white and reddish-orange lab goggles above her forehead.

### Personality
Ran is an intelligent, talkative woman who enjoys toying with others. She has a strong conviction in her anti-technology beliefs and was interested in science from a very young age, mentioning how she attended grad school thanks to winning an award on a paper she wrote about atoms, and speaks down to those who do not understand her perspective. Ran often encourages conversation between herself and the Sinners, despite being on opposing sides, as she feels that someone should do the talking. During these moments, Ran clearly enjoys the chances to express her opinions and toy with whoever she's speaking to. When talking with her companion Marile, Ran's remarks appear to be closer to friendly teasing rather than insulting, something supported by her close relationship with Shrenne.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company***

Ran was a Senior Researcher at K Corp. and Shrenne's mentor for a time before she became disillusioned with the corporation and technology as a whole. She left her position at K Corp. to join the Technology Liberation Alliance, where she informed Dongbaek of the truth of the regeneration ampules made by K Corp. Shrenne and Ran stayed in touch through emails, as Shrenne's respect for Ran made her sympathetic to the Alliance's struggles. Using Shrenne as an informant, Ran and the Technology Liberation Alliance made plans to preform a series of terrorist attacks on K Corp.

**Canto IV: The Unchanging**

During an Alliance attack on one of K Corp.'s laboratories, Ran and her fellow terrorist Marile met the Sinners and introduced themselves with a short conversation before having their robots attack the Sinners and K Corp.'s security forces. After seeing the Rosespanner Workshop arrive as reinforcements, Ran and Marile quickly left the area. In reality, this was part of their plan with Shrenne to further infiltrate K Corp. without raising suspicion. Ran appeared to interact with the Sinners several more times by using her robots as a communication device, but they were simply playing prerecorded messages before self destructing and injuring any nearby people.
Eventually, Dongrang led the Sinners to the edge of the L Corp. Branch, where they find Ran waiting for them there. She explained that she is there buying time for her fellow Alliance members to escape and is told by Heathcliff to surrender while she still has the chance. Instead of surrendering, Ran chose to trigger a bomb that took her life and injures many of the Sinners, as she knows that if she were to be captured by K Corp. they would torture her by using the regeneration ampules to extend her suffering until she finally confessed the answers they wanted out of her.