## Romero

### Appearance
Romero is a youthful man with silver hair, parted slightly, with longer bangs swept over his face. He has blue eyes and a pale complexion. He wears the standard uniform of Fanghunt Office, featuring a dark coat with a poncho built into it, with man straps and pockets lining both sides. He has a bandolier across his chest, atop a similarly gray waistcoat. He has a large striped ribbon tied over his dress shirt beneath this waistcoat. He wears dark pants, stuffed into calf-height boots with laces down the center.

### Personality
Romero is a kind man, though one who views professionalism as the most important facet to the jobs he and his Fixer Office choose to take, viewing Camille as an example of unprofessionalism. He carries a grudge against Bloodfiends, viewing them as less than worthy of living, something shared with the majority of his Office of hunters.

### Story
Romero first met the Sinners as they battled members of his Office, only speaking up once the battle was concluded. Conversing with the Sinners, he mentioned wishing P Corp. and the Hana Association were more picky with who they hired, knowing of the status of Bloodfiends involved in this job. Later, during Alessio's briefing of the groups involved, he beat the employee to mentioning Bloodfiends, causing notable stir among the Fixers present.
At the opening of La Manchaland, he witnessed a member of the Firefist Office hastily approach one of the Bloodbags coming from the area, commenting on the failure of the Fixer to expect the betrayal and bloodthirst of those leaving the amusement park. In his expertise against Bloodfiends, he told everyone to accept their death if they plan to fail in the eradication.
During his assignment to Area 3, his Office would be betrayed by somebody among the group, leading to him and several of his men ending up transformed into Bloodfiends and Bloodbags by Dulcinea and her Parade goers. Enthralled to her command, they attacked the Sinners. After the battle against the overseer of Area 3, Sansón arrived to participate in another of Don Quixote's tales, only for Romero to attempt to betray the natural urges of Bloodfiends and their Kindred and attack Sansón, though he was struck down before being able to cause any damage.