## Samjo

### Appearance
Samjo is a man of average height and build with a pale complexion. He has slanted dark green eyes, and short dark green hair with uneven bangs. He wears black slacks and jacket, with his K Corp. ID attached to the left breast, and leaves his suit jacket unbuttoned, revealing his collared shirt and green tie. Samjo owns rectangular glasses he wears on top of his head, and he's always seen with a lollipop in his mouth and a gray tablet in his right hand.

### Personality
Samjo is a dry, straightforward businessman with no qualms about lying in order to proceed with his current job. He tends to be apathetic and matter-of-fact, with Intervallo I featuring him landing the Sinners in hot water with a lot of work to do whilst he himself stands passively on the sidelines. He comes off as audacious and laid back, casually provoking the Bongy-possessed K Corp. guards while hiding behind Dante and forcing Limbus Company to take care of it. Samjo continually maintains this kind of industry-first mindset which often comes before concern for others. Though he will engage in other things, his conversations tend to circle back around to business. Despite Samjo's lax attitude, he feels strongly about his job, and possesses a resolute loyalty towards his boss Dongrang and K Corp.'s Singularity.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company***

In his youth, Samjo had an incident during diving which resulted in a broken neck. While this would have been a setback to his hobby, he was healed by an ampule produced by K Corp. This would be among the several reasons for him to have become resolute in the safety the corporation could provide him, motivating him to apply to K Corp. in adulthood.
At some point in his life, Samjo attended an interview for B Corp., where he would see Marile for the first time, recognizing him later during the events of Canto IV.

**Intervallo I: Hell's Chicken**

When the LCB arrived in the alleys of K Corp., Samjo inserted himself into their conversation to praise the local Bodhisattva Chicken restaurant. When asked to introduce himself, he brought to their attention the numerous Headchickens roaming around the area, then threw a rock at the K Corp. Security guards who had been taken over by the monstrous raw chickens and hid behind Dante while the Sinners fought them off. After the battle, Samjo properly introduced himself and showed them his business card that explained that he was a K Corp. employee, and quickly introduced the Sinners to the manager of Bodhisattva Chicken while praising their ability to fight. He asked them to accept the manager's job offer of getting rid of the chickens that were driving off his customers, even offering them a lifetime voucher to the restaurant in order to tempt them into accepting them job, much to the manager's distress. After the LCB resolved the Distortion that was causing the problem, Samjo made a phone call to Dongrang to relay the events of the day to him, revealing that Samjo had been tasked with evaluating the Sinners at Dongrang's request.

**Canto IV: The Unchanging**

When the LCB entered the K Corp. facility, Samjo gave a tour and explained that their previous encounter had been him assessing their skills. He asked for the Sinners’ assistance in reclaiming K Corp.'s laboratory, which was being occupied by the Technology Liberation Alliance after a series of attacks they made against K Corp., and told them that K Corp. was willing to give a Golden Bough as a reward for completing the contract. He joined the group on their way to the laboratory, and after several encounters with the Technology Liberation Alliance, they reached K Corp.'s screening room which housed their Singularity, the Tearful Thing. Dongbaek, the leader of the sub-group of the Alliance that was attacking K Corp., revealed herself and began to unveil the secrets of the regeneration ampules and how they were created. Samjo, insulted by her claims that the ampules were harmful and not what they were marketed as, became defensive and shared that they had saved his life after a diving accident which had been his primary reason for applying to work at K Corp. Committed to proving their safety and defending the honor of Dongrang and the other reachers who worked on the regenration ampules, Samjo jumped into the vat of unrefined tears, where he was reverted back to his “original state” and died.

### Trivia
Samjo is based off of the character of the same name from Yoo Chijin's play, *The Shack* or *The Mud Hut* (*Hangul*: 토막, *Tomak*).
In *The Mud Hut*, Samjo is a man that leaves Korea during the Japanese occupation to seek a better life in Japan, where he plans on meeting with Myeong-Soo, another man who has embarked on the same journey. Following Myeong-Soo's death, Samjo returns his bones to his parents in Korea; in the final scene of the play, Myeong-Soo's mother picks up her son's remains, and welcomes him "back to your birthplace, this mud hut".
Samjo's character appears to reference both the main characters, as he shares the literary Samjo's name and backstory as a man leaving his home in search of employment, and he shares Myeong-Soo's fate in his death and metaphorical return to his origins, with Samjo literally reverting back to "the original form of humanity".
Samjo's character sprites are set up improperly: his base sprite possesses the lollipop he carries around in his mouth in one place while certain face sprites feature the lollipop in a different position, resulting in several of his sprites showing him carrying two lollipop sticks at once.