## Sansón

### Appearance
Sansón is a tall and slender man with long black hair. Although not much of his skin shows, Sansón is quite pale, but doesn't appear to be withered like the other Bloodfiends of La Manchaland. He wears a blue outfit, composed of long overcoat with frayed hems, dark pants and shoes, a vest with golden detailing, a voluminous white jabot and dark gloves. He is always seen wearing a tall blue hat decorated with dark ribbons, and carrying a long black pole with three blue stripes. His face is covered by a triangular white and blue metal mask with jagged edges and a sharp beak, and his right eye glows red from behind the mask.

### Personality
Sansón is a whimsically cryptic individual. He speaks modestly and politely, referring to himself as a "mere guide", and humbly apologizing upon mistakes. His tone is consistently lighthearted and matter-of-fact, such that his words are rather friendly while still keeping the situation moving in his preferred direction. At times, he also offers praise and sympathy for those around him. In contrast to his verbal courtesy, however, is a great degree of forcefulness in his actions. Sansón is shown to sweep the Sinners through his play productions despite their clear confusion and frustration. He would at one point even use his powers of manipulation in order to try and force Don Quixote into killing Jia Xichun, much to Don Quixote's displeasure, who he had claimed to be enacting the plays for in the first place. He demonstrates a concerning lack of consideration for the lives of those he is uninterested in.
Despite speaking in fewer metaphors than his allies Demian and Rim, Sansón is still rather ambiguous in his thoughts and intentions. While he has stated goals, they are not entirely clear, hoping to "spark the flame again and again should it go out". In pursuit of this goal, he was willing to go to strange lengths, including offering the Bloodfiends of La Manchaland a Golden Bough in planning for Don Quixote's eventual return. Sansón comes across as a powerful and questionably friendly figure with a greater understanding of the scenarios at play, those of which he hopes to shape to his liking.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company***

Following Sancho's unwilling departure from La Manchaland, Don Quixote's other Children rebelled against him in riot of the suffering he had caused through his failed amusement park. This continued for two hundred years, until around two months before the events of Canto VII: The Dream Ending.[2] At this point, Sansón visited the park, remarking that it pained him to see his Relatives in such a dire state. He instructed them to prepare to meet their new guests who would serve as blood for them and freshen up for a festival louder than the last. Sansón brought a Golden Bough with him, that of which sincerely captivated the Bloodfiends.
Sansón took the Golden Bough and stabbed it into the disgraced Don Quixote's chest, claiming that it will take his desires and "subconscious as its nutrient", and that Sancho would one day come back to him in order to claim it. From there, the park would reopen in the modern day P Corp. Backstreets and come to earn itself an Urban Nightmare classification.

**Canto VII: The Dream Ending**

Sansón had plans for the new "Don Quixote" upon her and the rest of the LCB's arrival. As the Sinners fought their way through the park, Sansón enacted plays detailing "her" tales as a knight, compelling her to recount the story as she remembered it and confront the flaws in her memory. The plays were physical manifestations that puppeteered the Sinners into acting out their assigned roles, something which Dante remarked to be the power of Golden Bough resonance. Along the way, Sansón swept up and sent away the Area Overseer Bloodfiends before anyone could land finishing blows on them. During these encounters, Sansón earned a very poor reputation among the Sinners.
In Area 2, he would also tell the tale of the original Don Quixote and the building of La Manchaland, during which he was very critical of Don Quixote and Bari's effects on his Family's livelihood. Following the play detailing the two's three-day duel, Sansón attempted to puppet the LCB's Don Quixote into killing Jia Xichun. Though nothing would ultimately end up happening, this action displeased Don Quixote greatly.
Upon reaching the end of his tale as played after Dulcinea's defeat, Sansón succeeded in leading Don Quixote to remember her original life as Sancho the Second Kindred. Afterwards, he would hold a short conversation with her, where he admitted that he had once looked forward to the realization of the original Don Quixote's ambitions. Despite this, he had found nothing but wailing and suffering in La Manchaland. As he watched Bloodfiends speak as if they have lost their minds, he went quiet before asking Sancho if people can change, to which she replied "I had once thought they could".
Sansón disappeared henceforth from the story, only showing up once during the Sinner's battle against Sancho to narrate the tale, requesting that his audience (presumably Demian) "watch how this tale plays out". Later, in the post-credits scene, he was shown conversing with Demian. Sansón suggested that he got what he wanted out of the adventure, and looks forward to the rest of Limbus Company's mission. He said he will continue to do as he has done until it is all over with and he may become a "sovereign of a star". Demian agreed, and alluded to Dante and their sheep again, before the Canto closes out.

### Trivia
Sansón is based on Sansón Carrasco (often rendered Samson Carrasco in English translations) from Miguel de Cervantes's novel *The Ingenious Gentleman Don Quixote of La Mancha*.
The literary Sansón Carrasco is a character introduced in the second book of *Don Quixote*. He is a Bachelor of Salamanca and a friend of Don Quixote's, jousting with him under the alias of "The Knight of the Mirrors" and "The Knight of the White Moon" in order to defeat him and order him back to his village.
The mask worn by Sansón appears in The Barber of La Manchaland Outis' pre-Uptie art, suggesting that he took it from The Barber's Area before his first encounter with her and the LCB.