## Saude

### Appearance
Saude is a pale woman with dark brown hair tied back into a high ponytail by long, red ribbon. She is usually seen with a wide smile on her face, and with her eyes shut closed; when open, they are revealed to be a dark brown.
Saude is usually seen in her LCCB uniform, which consists of a large turquoise jumpsuit suited on top of a black turtleneck. On top of that she wears a dark gray work vest fitted with several velcro pockets and a walkie talkie. Another, larger pocket is fastened to her right thigh. She wears black combat boots and black gloves, and carries a large turquoise pistol, which she uses with her right hand. After being promoted to an LCCB manager, her sprite shows her gun holstered and her carrying a screen device instead.
In Canto II: The Unloving, Saude is seen wearing in a croupier disguise. She wears a white collared dress shirt with black pants and gray shoes, while on her chest lies a simple dark ribbon fastened together with a single button. On top of her collared shirt she wears a red vest with pronounced, darker-red lapels. Affixed to her left lapel is a blank name tag, while her right holds a strangely shaped gold and red pin which connects to the button holding together her ribbon with a chain.
After the confrontation with Valencina and Lucio in Canto IX: The Unsevering, Saude her lost her left arm.

### Personality
Saude comes off as a gentle, amiable woman who is usually seen wearing a friendly expression. At first, Saude's personality appears to be the polar opposite of her partner Effie's, however she is an equally critical person in actuality; she simply chooses to present herself differently. Dante describes her as someone who is putting on a veil of kindness. At times her sarcasm and lack of faith can come off as even more backhanded than Effie's, considering the ingenuine smile they are paired with.
Saude is shown to be very intelligent and committed to her work. She and Effie immediately prove themselves to be highly knowledgeable during their excursion with the Sinners at J Corp., being able to swiftly answer questions concerning the Tingtang Gang, Tieqiu Crew, and the Wing's Singularity. They also craft a plan for securing the Golden Bough so perfect that Ishmael is shocked to find lacks even a single thing to be complained about. On top of this, the two of them claim to have practiced for months to pass as bonafide croupiers for this plan, and then manage to do just that, showing great dedication and skill. Effie and Saude are described as ideal partners who can tell what the other is thinking with only a glance.
By Canto III: The Unconfronting, Saude seems to have gained an admiration of sorts for the Sinners and their strange way of doing things. At that point, she shows off more of her actual personality, but it's considerably more like friendly teasing than any form of genuine negativity. She and Effie appear to be looking forward to working with the eccentric bunch from here on out.
Saude's attitude appears to be the same when she reunites with the Sinners in Intervallo V: Nocturnal Sweeping, still acting friendly. She is still saddened by Effie's death but appreciates that the Sinners (Outis, specifically) are upfront with her about it. Having become a team manager, Saude has also become stricter, warning Pilot that she will chew him out for his failures with the Sinners' guide in H Corp.'s Backstreets, and following through with this later while promising further disciplinary action. Later in Canto VIII: The Surrendered Witnessing, Saude also reveals a tendency to rant about the cruelties of the City, which she claims previously was not an issue since someone (presumably Effie) used to stop her before she said too much.

### Trivia
Saude's name when combined with Effie's can be read as "Effie-Saude"*, a homophone of "episode".
This is hinted at in the name of the "Effie―Saude, too" story episode, which is a homophone for "episode two", as this is their second time working with the Sinners.
Their shared Battle Announcer also sorts their names in the same manner.