## Shrenne

### Appearance
Shrenne is a short, petite woman with wide gray eyes and small eyebrows. Her hair is a grayish-brown color, cut unevenly into wavy strands which fall down to the base of her neck. The left side of Shrenne's bangs are held in place by two long, white hair clips. She wears the typical K Corp. scientist uniform, consisting of a suit and tie adorned with neon green accents, brown shoes, and a lab coat fit with green lines running down the lower half. Her coat, which is embellished with the K Corp. logo on its left sleeve and fitted with her ID below the right breast, is visibly several sizes too large.

### Personality
Shrenne is a straightforward, judgemental person who takes her work very seriously. While more amiable to the Sinners and her coworkers, she holds a rivalry with Dongrang and Samjo's department and tends to treat them harshly, supplying them with a collection of quips. Dongrang claims that "visiting [him] to hurl hurtful words takes up much of her daily routine". Her tendency to look down on the people around her generally leads to self-isolation, however, Shrenne is not entirely opposed to forming friendships, as shown through the strong bond she held with Ran. When it comes to more serious topics, Shrenne tends to act more sincerely; this includes the initial terrorist attack on K Corp.'s labs, whereas she boldly leads her employees with a voice Dante describes as confident. She also shows a tendency to falter and give up easily when faced with personal failures, which she follows up by going stone-faced and swallowing her emotions.

### Story
When Dongrang brought the LCB into K Corp's laboratory, Shrenne arrived to berate him and his department. She appeared again with Fixers of Rosespanner Workshop when the Technology Liberation Alliance attacks, stating three of her coworkers died afterwards.
Shrenne followed the LCB as Dongrang and Samjo brought them to the L Corp. branch containing the Golden Bough. They were attacked by a TLA machine, only for a member to appear and further slow their advances. Shrenne identified her as Ran before the terrorist sets off a bomb, injuring Shrenne and other members of the group. She rejected the use of regeneration ampules for her wounds, and, realizing the Sinners do not need them, left them behind. This brought suspicion from the group, ending in Dongrang accusing her. Shrenne admitted to siding with the enemy, saying she did so because "the tears wouldn't stop". Before she can give further elaboration, she was sliced in half by a Shi Association assassin.
Postmortem, Shrenne's emails to Ran are read by the LCB. In them, she expressed her distaste for Dongrang and the current era of technology, wanting to return to a time where there is less suffering brought by rapid development.

### Trivia
Shrenne's voice actor, Yi Sae-ah, also voices Ryōshū. She is also known for her role as Myo and Mirinae in Library of Ruina*.
Shrenne's network password is "missyouran", named after Ran who left the K Corp. firm to join the Technology Liberation Alliance.
The name Shrenne (슈렌느, *Syurenneu*) may be pun of *syuledeu* (슈레드), the Korean transcription of the English word "shredded", as in to be 'ripped' or 'torn'. This is likely in reference to how she died — having been assassinated via a vertical split which literally shredded her in two.