## Sinclair

### Appearance
Sinclair is a young man with a fair complexion, below average in height. He has golden eyes and wavy, short blonde hair.
His primary work attire consists of a plain white shirt tucked into a black waist belt and is accompanied by black suspenders, black suit pants, and a long Limbus Company coat. He wears a red necktie and attached to his left suspender strap is his ID. Sinclair has black gloves and wears black oxfords at his feet.
In battle, Sinclair wields a halberd that is approximately 180cm long and has "VOGEL" written on the blade.

### Personality
Sinclair is a timid, relatively passive individual with a fear of fighting. His initial position within Limbus Company can be likened to a fish out of water, with Dante even questioning whether he'd joined of his own free will. Generally, Sinclair is portrayed as uncertain, nervous, and withdrawn, not liking the violent nature of the world nor wanting to participate in it. Due to a sheltered background in the Nest, Sinclair lacks the disillusionment the majority of the other Sinners possess, and tends to harbor unrealistic expectations about the City and its people as a result. While this often causes friction between himself and the others, particularly Outis, Sinclair remains headstrong in his more hopeful beliefs.
This trait often shines in the form of Sinclair's extensive empathy. He advocates for mercy and kindness whenever possible, not only people, but also for creatures like animals and Abnormalities. This is particularly prominent in Canto V: The Evil Defining, and a frequent feature of the Sinners' Observation Logs. As such, he is characterized as a considerate person, and responds well to other charitable behavior. Sinclair is also often the one to speak up when one of his allies appears to feel down, and will frequently make an awkward effort to cheer them up or pivot the conversation. However, his observant, thoughtful nature is somewhat of a double-edged sword, as it lends to a bad habit of overthinking. Sinclair is shown to be sensitive and highly self-critical, reluctant to forgive himself for mistakes or put himself in positions where he can fail. A highly anxious and perfectionist approach to life often gives him a difficult time and causes his tendency to stutter.
Canto III: The Unconfronting demonstrates Sinclair's rougher side, as someone capable of grudges, violence, and disdain. His strong sense of justice is shown to go both ways, as his relationship with Kromer reveals that Sinclair's generosity has exceptions, and that he is not opposed to outright despising corrupt individuals and ideologies. Through finding the strength to stand up to her, Sinclair becomes more self confident and goes on to adapt better to the City's cruelty. The other members of the LCB later point out that he's not as shaken as when they'd first met him. His experience with Kromer has also led Sinclair to develop a sense for underhanded charity, as seen with his accurate suspicions against the likes of Ahab and Cesara. Despite this, Sinclair's Canto portrays him as still having room to grow into himself moving forward.
Sinclair continues to be a highly emotive Sinner, standing out among the group by offering unexpected sympathy or being the first to panic in stressful situations. His time with the company has helped negate his hesitance to stand up for what he believes in, and while this behavior regularly results in infighting among the LCB, it also shows Sinclair's determination to prevent tragedy caused by a fear of speaking his mind. He carries on through life with the same tenderness and good will he's always had, learning and growing as a person as he goes.

### Trivia
Sinclair's character icon depicts an egg starting to crack. This references the metaphor of a person having to break their own egg in order to grow up, introduced by Demian in Canto III.
The crack is also reminiscent of The Sign that he and Demian's Group share.
Sinclair is represented by the 🐣 emoji.[4]
Sinclair's particulars are listed as "wishy-washy", "overdependent", and "inexorably insecure",[5] while his associated color is #8b9c15, Immature Green.[6]
Sinclair is based on the protagonist and narrator of Hermann Hesse's 1919 novel Demian: The Story of A Boyhood, sharing numerous traits with his literary source.
Similarly to Sinclair as depicted in *Limbus Company*, the Emil Sinclair of Hesse's novel is a young man that struggles to live between two worlds: a world of "light" associated with his family and representing the expectations of his future, and a world of "darkness" that he is introduced to by Kromer, representing temptation and the embrace of violence and strong emotions, that Sinclair finds himself reluctantly drawn to. Much like his counterpart in *Limbus Company*, he begins to face his struggle with the help of a classmate, a mysterious youth named Demian.
Sinclair's character poster and base E.G.O, Branch of Knowledge, appear to reference this concept as well, showing Sinclair standing in the middle of a screen split between a light side and a darker one, in front of what appears to be the tree of Eden, surmounted by a golden apple. Within *Demian*, the apple appears as a symbol of temptation in the first chapter, during which the young Sinclair lies to Kromer about having stolen golden apples from the miller's orchard, leading to Kromer blackmailing him. This represents Sinclair's first venture into the world of darkness, through his sin of lying.
Sinclair is the second child and only son of his family, having an older sister; this is similar to his literary counterpart, although the Sinclair of the novel instead has two sisters.
Sinclair's introduction quote comes from an early chapter of *Demian*, in which Sinclair explains the belief he's held, ever since he was a child, of the existence of two worlds: when describing the world of evil, he comments that it began inside his family's house, in the stories and rumors passed on by the servants and workmen. In *Limbus Company*, the statement is taken more literally, as it describes Sinclair's experience with his family's sudden transformation, and the dark feelings the event sparked in him.
Sinclair's halberd is named "*VOGEL*", after the German word for 'bird', and references a recurring concept in *Demian*. In the novel, Demian expresses interest in the coat-of-arms carved in the keystone of the entrance of Sinclair's house, which depicts a sparrow. The bird then begins showing up in Sinclair's dreams all throughout his life. Later on, Demian leaves Sinclair a paper with the note "The bird fights its way out of the egg. The egg is the world. Who would be born must first destroy a world. The bird flies to God. That God's name is Abraxas", likening Sinclair to the bird, and inspiring Sinclair's journey of spiritual discovery in the following years.
Despite introducing himself as Emil Sinclair, and his full name being written on his coat, Sinclair is rarely ever referred to by his first name by other characters within the game; this references his literary counterpart, whose first name is never spoken within the novel, and only known due to the book having been originally published under the pseudonym of Emil Sinclair.
This is played straight to the point Sinclair's sister and father refer to him by his last name during Canto III, although this may have been an oversight on the writers' part.
Sinclair's hometown, Calw, references Hermann Hesse's birthplace. The town's visuals appear to have been heavily based on the real-world town's architecture as well.
Sinclair is possibly the 10th Sinner recruited instead of Dante. It is implied this was a last minute change in designation given the number on his company-uniform overcoat actually being "10" — having the "0" be crossed and replaced by hastily written "1" to write out a crude "11".
Like all of the Sinners, Sinclair voiced a "Document Excerpt" Youtube short.
During HamHamPangPang's *Limbus Company* Pop-up theme, one of the available menu items was "Sinner Soul Food" which changed every week to be a different meal associated with one of the twelve playable Sinners. Sinclair's associated meal was Rösti.[7]