## Sora

### Appearance
Sora is a short, slender woman of pale complexion with black, messy hair. At all times, she wears a large metal collar with the Index's insignia that covers half of her face, with chains that connect to cuffs.
As a Proxy of the Index, she dons the Finger's signature white cloak, with a white shirt with black sleeves, black tie and skirt, with black thigh high boots with golden heels. With her Effloresced E.G.O active, her arms and legs are shrouded in shadows, having large clawed hands and feet. She also grows a long, thin tail with an arrow-like end, alongside a pair of horns and a halo—the chains and cuffs are broken in this state as well.
She is also briefly seen wearing the Dimension Shredder LCE E.G.O, extracted from Wayward Passenger, which she stole from a deceased employee. This E.G.O Suit took the form of a dark blue coat and pants with red, fleshy adornments, a dark undershirt and vest, and thick black boots.

### Personality
Sora is a timid and insecure person, often worrying over how others perceive her. She has no friends due to her position within the House of Spiders and, as a result, craves companionship and validation from others. When she disguised herself as a member of the LCE, she quickly grew attached to the employees of Limbus Company and enjoyed having people to talk to, while also lacking the ability to understand that they were only speaking to her on friendly terms due to believing she was a colleague of theirs. These factors characterize her as naive, a trait which also shows in her desire to please and become family with Rien, who clearly holds no genuine affection for her.
Despite her cravings for companionship, Sora puts her loyalty to Rien and the Prescripts above all else, even if it entails killing the people she has grown fond of. Similarly, she remains a devout member of the Index even as the Prescripts guide her life in a direction where she remains alone and unable to befriend others. When her duties don't have to come into play, however, Sora demonstrates a kind and trusting heart that believes good people should be rewarded.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company**

At an unknown point in time, Sora manifested her own Effloresced E.G.O, which she claimed Rien was impressed by.[1] This compliment gave her the impression that Rien might be willing to let her stay in the House of Spiders as a member of his family even after Ryōshū's return, which has served as a motivation for her in life.[1] She was also outcasted from the other apprentices during her time at the House of Spiders.[2]

**Canto IX: The Unsevering**

During their attack on the Limbus Company Headquarters, Sora accompanied her master, Rien, in the search for Ryōshū and the Golden Boughs. While wandering, she obtained a Dimension Shredder E.G.O Suit from a deceased LCE member, which she donned. She was then caught under a portion of rubble as the ceiling collapsed onto her and a researcher named Ravi, trapping them both for some time. Sora spoke to him at length about what food they wanted to eat afterwards, eventually leading Ravi to play dead to get out of talking to her.
During their search for the elevator, Dante and their group stumbled upon Sora and Ravi and subsequently rescued the two. Upon hearing that the Sinners were searching for the elevator, Sora exclaimed that she knew where it was and took on the role of their guide. On the way there, she detailed a story about the fake identity she had assumed, explaining that she used to be a member of a Fixer Office before she was scouted by Limbus Company as a potential researcher. According to her, she was a new hire like Ravi and knew little about the situation. She also expressed an interest in Workshops as a way to explain her knowledge of the spiral weapon used in the attacks.
When they made it to the elevator, the group ran into the Pinky Nursefather, Shiomi Yoru, who had the Boughs with her. Upon their encounter, Sora was reminded that Rien had told her to help her "family" if she ever saw them, prompting Sora to move to assist Shiomi while revealing that she was the apprentice member of the Index. Using her Effloresced E.G.O, she accidentally killed Ravi in an attack meant for Dante, causing her to panic momentarily as she clarified that she wanted to be accepted by her master and not be cast aside even after Ryōshū returned to the House of Spiders. In the midst of her fight with the Sinners, Vespa would appear and shift the tide of the battle. After severely injuring her, Vespa left to meet with the LCD while Dante's group moved on to confront the Pinky Nursefather. As Dante began to understand the futility of winning against Shiomi Yoru and preventing her from leaving with the Boughs, Rien appeared, escaping with her and Sora via the elevator. Right before their departure, Sora asked her master to share the password to the spiral in exchange for their kind treatment of her, to which Rien obliged.
Later during Limbus Company's retaliative raid against the House of Spiders, Ryōshū fell into the depths of her own nothingness on the rooftop. There, Rien excitedly drew Sora's eyes toward the scene, and Sora understood that she was being asked to fight Ryōshū as her final test of loyalty to her master. Sora engaged in battle against her alongside Ren, which ended with the two apprentices being defeated and erased by Muga Ryōshū. This resulted in Sora and Ren being largely stripped from existence everywhere outside of Dante's memory.

### Trivia
The name of Sora's Effloresced E.G.O, Procuration, may be a reference to the Combat Page used by Index Proxies in Library of Ruina, Somber Procuration.
According to The Index Proxy - Effloresced E.G.O::Procuration Don Quixote's Identity Story, Sora's E.G.O resembles an unknown 'god of the City'.