## The Priest

### Appearance
The Priest is a thin man with white, withered skin. He has short, slicked back black hair, and pointy ears. He wears a black suit and a white striped shirt beneath his jacket, and a necktie with a ribbon around his popped collar. Additionally, he wears a dark priest stole, with a gradient going from black to teal, decorated with black and white embroidery.
Like the other Bloodfiends of La Manchaland, the Priest wears a mask that has been sown to the skin of his face, and resembles a goat skull. Beneath it, his left eye can be seen shining bright red.

### Personality
The Priest is a somber but gentle man, dedicating his days to offering counsel for the numerous Bloodfiends populating his Area. Despite his gloomy appearance and low energy, the Priest clearly cares dearly for the Bloodfiends of La Manchaland, growing excited when he mistakes the Sinners for seeking confessional and nostalgically telling the story of Lorenzo, a former visitor of his who the Sinners remind him of.
In spite of his good intentions, the Priest’s faith was misplaced. In the story he tells to the Sinners, he details telling Lorenzo to suppress his doubts and continue acting happy despite his dwindling faith. This behavior is restated by Sansón, who says that the Priest would reach out to the suffering Bloodfiends, neglecting his own well being for the sake of the residents of the park, and spending all of his time rotting in his confessional room.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company***

At some point in his life prior to being made a Bloodfiend, the Priest was present during the Machine Purge.
Made a Kindred of Dulcinea after the Machine Purge, the Priest lived closely with his family of Bloodfiends in Don Quixote's kingdom. When Bari, an unusual Fixer fascinated by Don Quixote's choosing to remain in solitude that bored him, gradually planted a seed of interest in the lives of humans outside of his castle, the Priest was among the group as they dissolved his initial kingdom, assisting in the creation of La Manchaland. The group battled alongside humans in a war against Bloodfiends, gradually instating good standing among some groups of humans.
Two hundred years prior, the Priest was assigned to the role of La Manchaland Area 2's overseer, wherein he would host a haunted house to entertain visiting humans who traded their blood to Bloodfiends as means of peace. The Priest was also tasked with listening to the repenting of the Bloodfiends who worked at the park, and providing therapy to them likewise. At some point he would be repeatedly confessed to by a Bloodfiend named Lorenzo, whom The Priest would regard greatly due to his ability to stave off his natural urges, until Lorenzo inevitably failed to maintain his strength, leading to his death and burial. While the group initially was comfortable with their new roles, starvation began to set in, leading to growing dissidence against their father who was choosing to starve them in favor of devouring humans. This dissent culminated in the acquisition of the Helm of Mambrino, which brought the amusement park's leader to his knees. The Priest would take this worst of all, as while he was the first to draw blood, he regrets it immensely and constantly begs forgiveness, even as they continued to stab him. While the family planned to make use of their peaceful father's binding, he closed the park with everyone inside. Only once a mysterious Bloodfiend bearing a Golden Bough arrived did they return to their roles with the park re-manifesting, now feasting on the people who entered the park.

**Canto VII: The Dream Ending**

During P Corp.'s eradication of La Manchaland, Area 2 was searched through by Jia Xichun, Wei, and their group, leading to the area and its overseer being viciously attacked. Despite being assaulted by the enemies, the Priest retreated to his confessional and begin to take in the confessions of other injured Bloodfiends in a state of delirium. While this is happening, his area's button was pushed by Xichun and company. Shortly after, the Sinners likewise navigated to the booth, where they would be surveyed by a waiting Bloodfiend. After this confrontation, they opened the booth to find the Priest inside, gravely injured. Xichun and her men then arrived, looking to torture the Priest, though he first told the group the story of Lorenzo, before suddenly grabbing Don Quixote's leg and asking if she were the one to bury Cassetti, likewise to how Lorenzo's story ended. Xichun, annoyed by the rambling of the dying Bloodfiend, suddenly attempted to end his life, though the Priest was saved by Sansón, who departed with the Bloodfiend similarly to how he had done with the Barber in the previous area.
The Priest, alongside the Barber and Dulcinea, returned upon reaching the center of Don Quixote's Fathoms, revealing what had happened to La Manchaland before attacking the party in an attempt to feed their weakened father their blood. However, having yet to recover from the wounds he received from before, he and the other overseers were ultimately killed.

### Trivia
The Priest is based on Pero the priest from Miguel de Cervantes's novel *The Ingenious Gentleman Don Quixote of La Mancha*. His name in *Limbus Company*, Curiambro, originates from a scene of the novel in which Don Quixote fantasizes about himself, the priest, and a few others living idealized lives as shepherds, and gives them new names more in line with the pastoral genre.
In the original *Don Quixote*, Pero is the Curate (Parish Priest) of the village Don Quixote lives in, and is a great friend to Don Quixote along with Nicolás the Barber. In the first book of *Don Quixote*, he and the Barber would try numerous methods to "cure" Don Quixote of his madness, including burning a majority of Don Quixote's extensive collection of knight-errant literature, and going on a lengthy journey to return Don Quixote to his village.