## The Time Ripper

### Appearance
The Time Ripper is a person of tall, slim stature with a discernible steampunk-esque theme to his attire, accessories, and other factors. Their skin is made up entirely of metal, likely brass or gold, with elongated arms and fingers and a singular hole on the right side of his face with an orange gear-like iris. They wear a dark trench coat that is lined in gold with a white dress shirt underneath, with a dark tie that has a pin of a gear in its center. They also wear a dark top-hat that has a pipe coming off of its right side, also metallically lined with two gears near the front of his hat. They wear dark dress pants with dark dress shoes.
It is later revealed during the Dungeon's Fathoms that, when the Time Ripper lifts off their coat, they have several brains in jars connected throughout their body, which all seem to have a separate consciousness and action within the Time Ripper's body. During this reveal, they had two of the brains in their hands connected by wires toward the torso, while the Time Ripper's head was replaced by a larger jar holding a larger brain.
During combat, the ends of their arms (including hands) are seen to be able to transform into razor blades and other sharp implements, which they use as weapons.

### Personality
The Time Ripper's primary personality within speaking to the Sinners is very rational and calculated in their (and their other separate consciousnesses') ideal of carrying out their 'crusades' within T Corp, stating that the process of "killing time" is a hollow representation of what their motives and actions are to T Corp. citizens. Said actions to them are wanting to eliminate the plethora of time-wasting and greed wealthier T Corp. citizens have to make use of the time they were "going to kill."
The Time Ripper's multitude of personalities and second-person narration of their actions are further backed up by the event in the Dungeon's Fathoms, where various brains within the body were revealed. Each one had a varying accent, opinion, or backstory, but all ultimately seemed to want to make their collective goal a reality within T Corp. to make better use of the time extracted from their victims.
Among themselves, the Time Ripper's multitude of consciousnesses make use of an egalitarian system of distributing the time that they extracted from their victims, with each Brain being given an equal amount of time after each extraction. Minor conflicts occasionally arise from the quantity of time extracted being impossible to be divided equally among the Brains, though these are generally ignored or forgotten as long as time remains abundant in the entire community.

### Story
**Prior to Limbus Company***

Before the events of Timekilling Time, the Time Ripper's main consciousness had a close, familial bond with his younger brother. The younger brother had been wanting the Time Ripper to leave the Yurodiviye and relive his dreams of becoming a member of T Corp's Patent Agency. With both running low on time, The Time Ripper and his younger brother reminisced on what could have been if they had enjoyed more time if they left T Corp., and put their name out there. After the conversation, the younger brother had given The Time Ripper his own time to complete an exam to get certified, and had planned to meet his brother near the Clock Tower to return the remainder of his borrowed time. However, due to the younger brother's insanely small amount of time in that day (only two hours), he was too slow to move out of the way of an oncoming car and was killed by the impact, thrown into the air and taking 21 minutes to hit the ground (in the Time Ripper's relative view), a detail which stuck in the Time Ripper's mind. The traumatic death of his brother led the Time Ripper to view the society of T Corp. and the Yurodiviye as a pointless and depressing existence where everyone spent their days in tedium, wasting their own time until it was too late. This caused the Time Ripper to distort, gaining the newfound power to "kill" people's time.

**Intervallo IV: Timekilling Time**

With the Time Ripper now enacting their crusade on T Corp., the company hired Special Investigators to get rid of the Time Ripper, only to result in failure. Following negotiations over repayment for a unique time tax situation, T Corp. agreed to hire Limbus Company as their sixth Special Investigation team. Alongside Dante, Vergilius chose Hong Lu, Rodion, and Ryōshū to carry out the investigation of the Time Ripper. After the Sinners followed various clues leading to the Time Ripper, Dante and Rodion faced them on a street. Following a conversation with Rodion where the Distortion spoke scarily accurate threats on her insecurities with the Yurodiviye, they left to return to one of the Clock Towers. The Sinners gathered further clues on the Time Ripper, and decided to ambush them inside of the Clock Tower. Hong Lu instigated the Time Ripper to slash at him and, to their surprise, Hong Lu was completely unharmed due to the Sinner's time being bound to only Dante. After this, the Time Ripper was defeated by the now-returning Sinners, causing them to flee into their Fathoms.
The Time Ripper fought the Sinners one final time after their trek through the Fathoms. With the fight dragging on, they revealed their actual body, consisting of a multitude of brains within jars, who, as the battle dragged on, agreed to utilize a powerful attack, leading to their last resort of **TimeKilling** one of the Sinner's Time. Due to the laws of Dante's occupancy over the Sinner's time, their final attack failed and used up too much time, and the multiple consciousnesses were losing their faith over the main consciousness and themselves, losing control over its actions, leading to its defeat. After the Time Ripper's defeat and lesson learned by Herbert, they were given a classification by the LCA and taken away by them to an undisclosed location.
In the fallout following the Time Ripper, T Corp. would disallow Limbus Company from claiming the Distortion for research, much to Hohenheim's dismay. Instead, the Wing took them for their own use.

### Time Manipulation
The Time Ripper's unique ability is extracting time from victims that is rent by the "Time Razors" present on their arm. From the victims' point-of-view, they are temporally displaced to a point in the future corresponding to the quantity of time extracted (e.g. if a person living 50-hour days has 200 hours extracted from them, they will be displaced 4 days into the future). To outside observers, victims are incorporealized and held in a state of stasis until they re-emerge, the removed time having come to an end. The quantity of time extracted can be determined freely by the Time Ripper, and corresponds to the depth the "Time Razor" enters the victim's body.
The Time Ripper can only target individuals who are experiencing a sensation of tedium, or is waiting for some event to occur at a future time. To facilitate tedium in potential victims, the Time Ripper modified the local T Corp. Clock Tower to run at half its usual speed, giving the impression that days are twice as long in the area.
The Time Ripper can utilize stolen time for various purposes, one of which is to facilitate it in battle, giving itself more time to act faster than its opponents, similarly to T Corp. Collectors.

### Trivia
There is some ambiguity regarding the amount of consciousnesses that reside within the Time Ripper: their speech makes repeated references to dividing extracted time by a factor of twelve, which may suggest that a total of 12 consciousnesses resides in the Time Ripper, though only 11 brains can be seen in their Story and Battle sprites, suggesting that the aforementioned number is actually 11.
Furthermore, accounting the summoned Unfolded Time Rippers, a maximum of 14 brains can be seen onstage at a time, suggesting that the Time Ripper contains 14 separate consciousnesses.
The Time Ripper's Battle Background incorporates many elements both from the memories of its main consciousness and its victims.
The car and series of silhouettes near the center represents the slowed-down car accident that killed the brother of the main consciousness.
The headless portrait of a man in a fancy red coat in the back left represents the portrait Bumble was waiting to get completed.
The lollipop in the back right represents the unnamed victim that was tasting a 14-flavored lollipop.
The scattered papers in the center foreground possibly represents the unnamed victim that was reading a comic book.
The Time Ripper's character has multiple references to Jack the Ripper, such as his name and him being a serial (time) killer in the London-inspired Nest of T Corp.
The Time Ripper has five confirmed victims (Bumble, the lollipop victim, the comic book victim, the T Corp. Collector, and the Yurodiviye Captain), the same number as the canonical victims of Jack the Ripper.