## Yi Sang

### Appearance
Yi Sang is a man of average build and pale complexion. He has short black hair which frays slightly at its ends, and dead-looking black eyes adorned with heavy eye-bags underneath. He wears the long-sleeved version of the Limbus Company coat around his shoulders, which appears to have been tattered and burnt at the bottom. Underneath his coat is the regular long-sleeved white shirt and red tie, and then a black vest, both of which are tucked into his belt. Written on the left breast of his coat is 'NO.1', and 'YI SANG' on the side.
Yi Sang wields a saingeom (사인검, lit. Four-Tiger Sword*) in the shape of a dagger kept in a sheath strapped to his left hip. Yi Sang also possess a gray leather notebook labeled '하융' or Ha Yung — as seen on his base E.G.O, Crow's Eye View. The notebook and the dagger are at times visible in various Mirror Worlds.

### Personality
Yi Sang is a particularly quiet, mellow man. At the beginning of the game, he fails to stand out much among his fellow Sinners due to his tendency to stay silent and watch rather than actively contribute to discussions. When he speaks, his words are often obscure and riddle-like with a monotone delivery, and his expression rarely changes.
In Canto IV: The Unchanging, more is revealed about Yi Sang little by little, such as his extremely low self-esteem and suicidal thoughts. After his initial confrontation with Dongbaek, Yi Sang confesses that he considered the day he met Dante and gained immortality against his will to be his greatest moment of despair, as he instead quietly wished for his own eternal rest. Following this interaction, Dante resonates with Yi Sang's mental state, where they see Yi Sang with a large, cracked void in his chest with no signs of mending. It comes to light that the disbanding of the League of Nine Littérateurs, which had provided him with comfort and safety amidst the chaos of the world, had ultimately left him grief-stricken, hopeless, and alone. In his depressive state, Yi Sang was the type to grow slothful, finding it easier to go along with what other people wanted of him rather than deciding for himself.
He also displays a strong sense of morality for a City citizen, disgusted at Dongrang's callous behavior concerning the death of his fellow K Corp. employees and saddened by the Wings' exploitations of their people. Later, he is similarly upset to see Aseah utilizing his Mirror Technology to experiment on humans. Here, Yi Sang is unsettled by N Corp.'s unethical use of his discoveries and the group's plans to manipulate Nelly and Catherine into the creation of the laboratory, believing the resulting experiments to be too high a price when compared to any human life.
By coming to terms with his own past and a newly found sense of hope, he becomes much warmer and open towards Dante and the rest of the Sinners post-Canto IV. Although not as outspoken as Sinclair, Yi Sang tends to encourage kindness and mercy where possible, and often brings up his own regrets over losing his colleagues to advocate against conflict.
Despite Yi Sang's position as a genius, he's also proved himself to be rather socially awkward and naive. He is often distracted by things he finds intriguing, fails to understand jabs, and takes things literally. One case appears in Canto VI: The Heartbreaking: after mentioning the odd circumstances around the mission, Ishmael and Hong Lu jokingly accuse him of making fun of Heathcliff and the love letter he received, whereas Yi Sang earnestly and panickingly clarifies he didn't mean to insult his fellow Sinner. In general, Yi Sang has come to show much more of himself with time, including quirks and flaws. However, the wider range of his personality just goes to show that Yi Sang is in a much healthier place than he once was, as he is now determined to live moving forward alongside a new set of companions.

### Trivia
Yi Sang's character icon represents a sheet of paper containing a wing made of shattered glass, referencing Yi Sang's scholarly passions and his love for research, as well as the culmination of the latter, his discovery of the Mirror.
Yi Sang is represented by the "🪶" Emoji.[4]
Yi Sang's particulars are listed as "ruminating",[5] while his associated color is #d4e1e8, Dreamy Gray.[6]
**Yi Sang** (*Hangul*: 이상, *isang*; *Hanja:* 李箱) was the pen name and sobriquet of 20th century Korean poet, novelist and essayist Kim Hae-Gyeong (*Hangul*: 김해경, *Hanja*: 金海卿). Yi Sang is based on the main character of one of Kim's masterpieces, *The Wings*, and takes inspiration from some points of the author's own life.
*The Wings* is a short novel written from a first-person point of view, with its narrator being a nameless man, profoundly alienated from society. The narrator shares a small apartment with his wife, Yeonsim, the only person he interacts with, and he spends most of his days in a lightless room, entertaining himself with his wife's mirror and admiring her colorful room. One day, after daring leave the house, the narrator gets a cold and falls sick, leading Yeonsim to instruct him to take aspirin every day; the narrator later learns she had been feeding him sleeping pills, keeping him confined in his room day and night. Having fled the apartment and found himself devoid of any desire for life, the narrator aimlessly wanders the streets of the town, understanding his lack of wings, but still wishing to fly. The plot of *The Wings* is heavily reprised in Yi Sang's backstory, with Sang Yi and Gubo assuming a similar role to that of Yeonsim in the novel.
Kim Hae-Gyeong's work focused on the human psyche and the struggle to reconcile with the reality of the modern era, weaving autobiographical elements through complicated riddles and odd expressions, and often referencing violent subject matters such as suicide and the Japanese colonial violence Kim witnessed throughout his lifetime. This is referenced in Yi Sang's manner of speech and his background in S Corp., a District that takes inspiration from Joseon-era Korea and that has recently entered the area of influence of the Kurokumo Clan, a Syndicate with clear Japanese inspirations.
Kim Hae-Gyeong was a member of the Guinhoe, or League of Nine, a literary organization formed to pursue artistic freedom, born with anti-imperialist sentiments, whose members fell apart with time due to political disagreements. The Guinhoe directly inspires the League of Nine Yi Sang was a member of.
Yi Sang's profession as an architect is also inspired by Kim Hae-Gyeong, who majored in architecture with honors. His graduation photobook is the first known use of the pen name Yi Sang.
Yi Sang's introduction quote is the famous opening line of *The Wings*. The line introduces the main theme of the novel, the idea of a genius whose life has since drained, but who yet retains its shape as a living being. The concept sources the events of Yi Sang's story as seen in *Limbus Company*.
The pseudonym itself, "isang" (이상), is a Sino-Korean word derived from several Chinese words, producing homonyms with different meanings depending on origin. This can be seen through Yi Sang making multiple puns based on his name in *Limbus Company'*s main story as well as his Identity Stories and Voicelines. Yi Sang's wordplay over his name as seen in game include:
(*Hanja* 異常, *Hangul* 이상, *isang*): "strange, abnormal, odd, weird, bizarre"
(*Hanja* 理想, *Hangul* 이상, *isang*): "ideal", which is used in the currency that is received in Extraction.
(*Hanja*: 以上*, Hangul*: 이상, *isang*): "aforementioned", or "that's it", used at the end of a sentence to indicate that there is nothing further to add. This references the pun used in Poem No. 4 of Yi Sang's "Crow's Eye View" in conjunction with his pen name: in the context of the poem, Kim Hae-Gyeong's pen name is diegetically a treated as the fictional character, Doctor 'Yi Sang' (**이 상**, 李 箱), separate from he himself — and as the word 'above-mentioned', **isang** (**이상**, 以上).
All the aforementioned puns are utilized in the lyrics of Fly, My Wings, Yi Sang's Canto's associated song.
Like all of the Sinners, Yi Sang voiced a "Document Excerpt" Youtube short.
Unlike most Sinners, Yi Sang's subtitle, **하융** ("Ha Yung"), is not seen emblazoned onto his main weapon, his dagger. Rather, '하융' is instead written on the bag he keeps his notebook in, as seen in his base E.G.O. "Ha Yung" (*Hangul*: 하융, *Hanja*: 河戎) is the alias that the real-life poet and author Yi Sang had used as a painter.
The Sinner Yi Sang may have used this alias at one point as well, as Gubo addresses him as Ha Yung in Canto VIII.
Yi Sang's original promo art
Yi Sang's main weapon is a saingeom: its name, 'Four-Tiger Sword', comes from the folk belief of such weapons being forged during the Year, Month, Day, and Hour of the Tiger. Saingeom were Joseon-era swords used for ceremonial purposes and exorcism in West Korea. The blade was decorated with 28 constellations representing the 28 Mansions of the East Asian zodiac to represent the four directions.
Yi Sang's age appeared listed as 29 in the Dante's Notes UI, before it was censored. As Yi Sang's birthday is January 1st, it is unknown if this referred to his current age, therefore making him 29 during his first appearance, or to his age at the time of his recruitment, therefore making him 30 at the start of the game.
During HamHamPangPang's *Limbus Company* Pop-up theme, one of the available menu items was "Sinner Soul Food" which changed every week to be a different meal associated with one of the twelve playable Sinners. Yi Sang's associated meal was Kimchi Jeyuk Ssambap.[7]
Originally, the name written on his coat in his talking sprites was "***Lee*** Sang", the most common romanization of his surname '**이'**, rather than "***Yi*** Sang", the English spelling most often used in reference to the historical author he's based on, along with being what is written on his coat in his promo art. The spelling was ultimately corrected in a later update.
Yi Sang's first promotional poster featured the line: "**I do not have the mirror now but the me inside-the-mirror is in it**", "**I do not know but he is probably obsessed with his lefty work**" translated by Jack Jung (정새벽).
This caused the translator above to accuse Project Moon of plagiarism on Twitter, leading to the deletion and edit of Yi Sang's promo art to remove the translation. Project Moon later issued an apology towards the translator.
The promo art also featured an image of Capri-Sun in one of the mirror reflections. This was also removed upon the edited re-release of Yi Sang's new promo art.